Jackfruit is native to parts of South Asia and is cultivated.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Jackie Evancho issued an EP and albums.
Joseph Barbera was an American producer.
R. Kelly wrote a song for the soundtrack of Space Jam.
Yusuke Murata illustrated the manga Eyeshield 21.
Laura Linney was nominated for Tony Awards for The Crucible, Sight Unseen, Time Stands Still, and The Little Foxes.
Katie Price has had 3 marriages.
Cindy McCain is the wife of American John McCain.
Sophie Turner has been in movies.
The House at Pooh Corner was written by an author.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a novel.
Jesus performed an action.
SpaceX wants to transport astronauts to ISS and return them to Earth safely.
Empress Matilda married a man.
Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate.
Karl Urban played Eomer in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
The Illusionist was a success critically.
Splash, released in 1984, is an American fantasy comedy film.
Hairspray sold copies in the USA.
Mike Pence supported the Tea Party movement.
The RMS Titanic called at France.
Stanley Tucci is a person.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2008.
Amazon Web Services featured services for networking.
Seal was born in 1963.
Walt Disney Pictures produced a film featuring the performance of Dennis Quaid.
The Promise premiered in 2016.
Adolf Hitler caused the murder of at least 5.5 million Jews.
Argentinian Lionel Messi plays soccer professionally.
Jenni Rivera won at least one award in 2007.
The internet originated in a project to build communication via computer networks.
The number of residents of New Orleans is 343,829.
Jules Dumont d'Urville was a traveler.
Christina Aguilera sold albums.
John Denver sang about Colorado numerous times.
Wyatt Earp served as a bouncer.
Nick Jonas is a recording artist.
Rebecca Ferguson starred in "Life".
A seven time Formula One World Champion is Michael Shumacher.
That '70s Show is a sitcom.
Rose Kennedy was an American born in the 1800s who lived to be over 100 years old.
Assassination is a film that Jun Ji-hyun is in.
Billy Bob Thornton was in U Turn (1997).
Snoop Dogg has worked with Dr. Dre.
Maynard James Keenan started the rock supergroup A Perfect Circe in 1999.
Kate Nash was taken off of her record label.
Abigail Breslin is a woman.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has won a Primetime Emmy Award.
Nicole Kidman performs in films.
Jane Eyre was released in 2011.
Tramadol may cause nausea.
Interstellar premiered in the 2010s.
Titanic is a work.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is a 2010 drama film.
Leslie Howard directed professionally.
Richard Gere starred in a film that is categorized as musical.
Kurt Angle wrestles professionally.
Pembroke Castle is a fortified structure.
Muhammad Ali was a boxer.
Loving tells the story of the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia, which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage.
Robert Browning birth month is May.
Cindy McCain is the wife of a man.
Shakira is a dancer.
All the Lovers reached the top ten in France.
A central venous catheter is also referred to as a central line.
Michelle Obama gave speeches at two Democratic National Conventions.
The Incredible Hulk is a movie about superheroes.
Al Gore's middle name is Arnold.
Zendaya is professionally known by just her first name.
A mixtape is a home-made compilation of music.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in Doctor Zhivago.
Hayden Panettiere starred as Sheryl Yoast in Remember the Titans.
Ready Player One was passed over for an award for libertarian science fiction novels.
William McKinley served as a US president.
Moana is a North American film.
Michael Jackson was a dancer.
Syd Barrett contributed to A Saucerful of Secrets.
Jerry Goldsmith collaborated with Paul Verhoeven.
Only Lovers Left Alive is a film.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born in February.
Warm Leatherette is by a woman.
From the Earth to the Moon is a miniseries.
The Uruguay national football team won the 1980 Mundialito.
Willie Nelson is a writers of songs.
John Cusack is an actor.
Neal Schon is an American vocalist.
Investment funds are also referred to as collective investment schemes.
The fifth president of Iraq was Saddam Hussein.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is a television series that is animated.
Slash writes songs.
Paul Feig was the director of a comedy film that had two women writers.
Amazon Web Services included tools for the inter-networking of physical technology.
David Beckham won the Premier League title multiple times.
Watchmen is a DC Comics collection.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is the fourth studio album of Foo Fighters.
Rock music originated in North America.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in a city in Italy.
Roman Atwood was born in 1983.
A producer of Spider-Man 3 was an Israeli-American businessman.
Sean Connery won an Academy Award.
Blue Velvet was written by David Lynch.
The 20th President of Liberia was William R. Tolbert Jr..
Odin was known in Old Saxon mythology as Wōdan.
Logan Lerman starred in a 2016 American drama work.
Dwyane Wade was in the All-Star team.
George VI was succeeded by his eldest female child.
Jon Watts had the movie Spider-Man: Homecoming released in 2017.
Ted Kaczynski conveyed a letter to the New York Times.
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn.
Sigmund Freud set up his clinical practice in Vienna and was influential.
Wonder Woman has appeared in the comics for the Justice Society.
Yusuke Murata illustrated the manga Eyeshield 21.
Jensen Ackles is not known for his roles in television as Jason Teague in Smallville.
Hate group practices hatred, hostility, or violence towards members of a race, ethnicity, nation, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society.
Aishwarya Rai was in several television commercials.
Donkey can be characterized as a fast talker.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts was formerly called the USC School of Cinema-Television.
Julie Christie starred in a movie.
Robert Redford was in the main cast of Perry Mason.
Unforgettable is directed by debut director Denise Di Novi.
Furia is adapted from a short story by Julio Cortazar.
Lady Gaga is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was an American rock guitarist.
The French Revolution happened after the Seven Years' War in 1789.
Jane Fonda is a seven-time Academy Award nominee.
King Kong was directed by a person.
Winnipeg is home to the Winnipeg Goldeyes.
Giampaolo Pazzini represented his country, Italy, at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Steve Buscemi is in at least one movie.
Dennis Hopper had an acting career.
A Few Good Men is a film.
Naomi Watts is an English film producer.
Zendaya released a single.
England shares land borders with Scotland and Wales.
Dwyane Wade was in the All-Star team.
The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.
Usher has a sophomore album.
Davis Guggenheim is a television director.
Maggie Gyllenhaal played a role.
Silicon Valley is a place.
Elle Fanning starred in the sci-fi movie Super 8.
Facebook's CEO is Mark Zuckerberg.
Los Angeles, California was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Eric Singer has performed with a musician.
The United States Naval Academy is a service academy.
Lewis Hamilton was the runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg in 2016.
Tim Henman rose up the ATP rankings.
Paradigms of Human Memory was written by Chris Mckenna.
Kate & Leopold is a film.
Akira Toriyama created Dragon Ball.
The Twilight Saga stars multiple people.
Boardwalk Empire is a drama.
Hugh Hefner is an American men's lifestyle magazine publisher.
Estella Warren is a synchronized swimmer formerly.
George Lucas was the founder of a motion picture visual effects company.
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River in Minnesota.
The X Factor is a music competition.
Seal was born in 1963.
Iggy Azalea signed a recording contract with Grand Hustle Records.
Glamorous is a song by Fergie.
Evan Goldberg is a Canadian film producer.
Arjun Kapoor hosted the IIFA Awards in Britain.
Drama school offers Master of Fine Arts.
Richard Dreyfuss has won a Golden Globe Award.
Jimmy Wales is an American.
Jim Parsons portrays Sheldon Cooper.
The Olympic Games includes both a summer and winter games, each every 4 years.
William Hanna was an artist.
Rolling Stone magazine labeled Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Seventies."
Serena Williams has won four Olympic gold medals.
Gwen Stefani is the co-founder of No Doubt along with others.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon is part of the royal family of Britain.
The United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean.
Kristofer Hivju was born in 1978.
Jennifer Hudson was in a singing competition.
The Punisher is also named Frank Castle.
Matthew McConaughey was in the film Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation.
Gianluigi Buffon won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year for the second time in June of 2003.
Vince Vaughn appeared in a number of films in the 1990s, including the sports film Rudy.
An actor was the winner of a BAFTA Award for Crash.
Wonder Woman is a character.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who works in the fantasy genre and he is American.
Alan Rickman was born in 1946.
Ryan O'Neal was born in the 1940s.
Outkast is composed of two people.
Bruce Willis is a person.
The Challenge had originally been called Road Rules: All Stars.
The Twilight Saga stars multiple people.
Furious 7 was filmed in more than one country.
Jeff Bezos founded something.
Calling All the Monsters was found through an American record label.
Laurence Olivier played in Romeo and Juliet.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced in June of 2009.
Evolution is a studio album.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for movies.
Dan Martin is Irish.
Keith Urban was born in a country.
In the California primaries, Robert F. Kennedy beat Senator Eugene McCarthy.
Lisa Kudrow starred in a series.
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the fully restored movie palace at 6838 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Event management is the application of project management to the development of large scale events.
Beauty Shop stars a human.
University of Oxford is made up of a variety of colleges.
More than 2000 runs have been scored by Alex Rodriguez.
Naruto: Shippuden is a sequel to Naruto.
The Xbox One uses an input device called the Kinect.
Thirteen is based on Nikki Reed's difficult life at age 12 and 13.
Robert Redford was a guest star on the anthology horror series Twilight Zone.
Macaulay Culkin acted in The Good Son.
Joan Cusack worked with Wilford Brimley and she is American.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features Mick Jones.
Connaught Tunnel is in British Columbia.
WWI was fought from the 28th of July, 1914 to the 11th of November, 1918.
Smoking is correlated with the occurrence of leukemia.
Thor: The Dark World is a movie from America.
Easy Virtue is an adaptation.
North Korea has a political party.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Alex Rodriguez received criticism from the media.
Flash Thompson bullies his classmate Peter Parker in the Spider-man comics.
Carter Jenkins stars in Famous in Love.
Buzz Aldrin is an engineer.
Count Basie took his orchestra to Chicago for a long engagement.
Paul Mantee has worked with movie director Byron Haskin.
Ready Player One won a prize from a nonprofit organization.
Horseshoe Falls is also known as something else.
Modern liberalism in the United States strongly endorses stuff.
Muhammad was raised under the care of his uncle.
Stephen Rider is an American actor.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a sequel to Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
The Celtic F.C. is based out of Glasgow.
Alicia Vikander appeared in The Fifth Estate.
G-Dragon is an artist.
Portal 2 is the sequel to Portal.
Seal is an English songwriter.
Richard Gere starred in a film that is categorized as musical.
Rajesh Khanna earned the most money as an actor from 1970 to 1987.
Ji Chang-wook began life in 1987.
Born This Way discusses self-empowerment.
Gerald Ford was the President of the United States.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a geographer.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is shortened to NSAI.
Poland has more visits each year than all but 15 other countries in the world.
True Blood is set in Bon Temps.
Zambia is bordered by the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Fosters is a television show.
One city in Benin is Cotonou.
Nicki Minaj is Trinidadian-American singer.
World War II had campaigns occurring in Asia.
Robin appeared in DC comic books.
Alpha Centauri is a star system.
Lee Min-ho was the lead role in Gangnam Blues.
Seal is a songwriter from England.
Lucas starred a Canadian actor.
Ice Hockey is popular in Canada, Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Slovakia, Belarus and Switzerland.
Kalpana Raghavendar is Indian.
A book by Larry Buttrose was the basis of Lion.
Tim Burton directed Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Wyatt Earp was a saloon-keeper.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Las Vegas is a county seat.
Doctor Zhivago's protagonist is a physician and poet.
Anton Yelchin performed in the late 1990s.
The Black Dahlia is a film.
Cry Freedom was shot in Kenya and Zimbabwe.
Warm Leatherette is by a woman.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a woman.
The Incredible Hulk is a movie about superheroes.
Tunisia was occupied for one thousand days.
Pirates of the Caribbean had multiple directors.
Cleopatra represented herself as the reincarnation of a goddess.
J. K. Rowling had a child.
Julie Christie starred in a movie.
My Bloody Valentine 3D was edited by a human.
Sabrina Carpenter performs music.
The Republic of Zambia is bordered to the east by Malawi.
Fear of social situations characterizes social anxiety disorder.
Rick and Morty was created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Adult Swim.
Joss Whedon wrote The Avengers.
Atomic Blonde is based on The Coldest City.
Limbu language is spoken by people.
Edward is Colin Quinn's middle name.
Lady Gaga wrote songs as an occupation.
Minions was written by Brian Lynch and directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda.
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures.
Phil Mickelson won the 142nd Open Championship which was played in Scotland.
An anti-nuclear antibodies subtype is anti-dsDNA antibodies.
Taylor Sheridan is a screenwriter.
The Land Before Time's director was Don Bluth.
Amy Poehler was a participant of a comedic group.
Neil Patrick Harris was in a Broadway musical in 2014.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of a movie.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
The Titanic's wreck is gradually disintegrating in a museum.
Romelu Lukaku is an athlete.
Star Search was relaunched in 2003-04.
Lisa Kudrow appeared on Showtime.
The English language is influenced by Germanic languages.
Paul Walker was an American man.
The Meyerowitz stories stars Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Emma Thompson, and Dustin Hoffman.
Transformers: The Last Knight features a performance by an actor.
Iran is the 18th-largest city in the world.
Snowden is a biographical film.
The cell is the basic biological and functional unit of all living organisms.
Rose Kennedy was an American born in the 1800s who lived to be over 100 years old.
Mary-Louise Parker acted in Angels in America.
Quinoa is in the amaranth family.
Hungary is bordered by a country.
The ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity is the United Kingdom.
Farrah Fawcett acted in Sunburn.
The Offspring released Smash after 1990.
Following is a neo-noir drama film.
Matthew Modine played a character on Stranger Things.
Tom Morello developed an interest in politics.
The Germanic peoples are also called Teutonic.
George Washington served as the first president.
Michelle Rodriguez acted in Lost.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term restricted by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features an English artist Paul Simonon.
Ray Milland worked with a studio.
Jensen Ackles is not known for his roles in television as Jason Teague in Smallville.
Leslie Groves was the director of the Manhattan Project.
The United Kingdom has the world's ninth-largest economy by one measure.
The Eagles are a group.
STS-96 launched from a Space Center.
Glee was nominated for an award.
Tim Allen was featured in Last Man Standing.
Robert J. O'Neill is a sailor formerly.
Moana is a work.
Dwayne Johnson works a part-time contract for WWE.
A Golden Globe was given to Jason Bateman.
Tim Robbins was born on October 16, 1958.
Major League Soccer playoffs involves 12 teams competing against each other.
Unpredictable featured an artist.
FC Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles.
Sharon Tate married in January 1968.
Music includes avant-garde styles and has a long history.
Rabat is Morocco's capital city.
John McCain is an American citizen.
Bentley markets cars.
David Beckham played with United.
Michael Douglas and James Bridges have worked together.
Emily Blunt played a supporting role in The Devil Wears Prada.
Judd Apatow produced Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
Hunter S. Thompson was a journalist.
Jack Black is an American actor that was involved with voice acting for Kung Fu Panda 3.
Jamie Foxx's time-point of birth is in the 20th century.
A film starring Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave was directed by Ken Russell.
Paul Bettany is married to a film actress.
Jackie Evancho is someone who has acted in a film during 2013.
Samoa Joe is part of WWE.
Daniel Craig attended a liberal arts school.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has favorable music soundtracks.
Eugenio Canfari was born in the 19th century.
The Bends is a rock album.
MS Dhoni is a cricket player.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier was influenced by fiction.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by Sean Patrick Flanery.
Warren Casey is a composer of Grease.
The Night Of's screenwriter is also an American novelist.
Suits (TV series) features a female actress.
Tesla, Inc. has a subordinate company that has headquarters in California.
Frank Ocean released albums.
Nearly 40 million units were sold by Amaze Entertainment.
Andorra borders only land.
The reigning monarch of the UK lives in Buckingham Palace.
Cleopatra represented herself as the reincarnation of a goddess.
Jared Kushner is an owner of a newspaper.
Mirka Federer was also known as another name.
19 Kids and Counting had other names.
Tanzania is a place.
Byron Haskin was someone Paul Mantee has worked with.
Dumb and Dumber stars an award-winning actor.
Pompeii is not a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Black Sabbath was formed by 4 people.
Rescue Me is a comedy TV series.
Chris Hemsworth is an actor.
One Direction has won awards.
J. J. Cale was born in 1938.
Haitian Creole is a linguistic structure spoken by 9.6 to 12 million humans.
Thank Me Later is the name of a Drake album.
The Void was first shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest.
Arya Stark is a female, fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels
R. Madhavan was in the cast of Guru.
NASA has followed most US space exploration efforts.
The alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for best novel.
Measles develop almost 2 weeks after exposure to an infected person.
Nicki Minaj has been nominated for 10 Grammys.
Devdas won awards.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song.
Boston Legal stars James Spader as a lawyer.
Tim Henman rose up the ATP rankings.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a budget.
Troy Baker's indie band released an album.
Gerard Lee is from Earth.
Equidae is sometimes known by another name.
Kurt Sutter is the creator of Sons of Anarchy.
Indian was produced by A. M. Rathnam.
Nicki Minaj is Trinidadian-American singer.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
The Dakota is an apartment building in the US.
Susan Atkins was a California inmate.
Toronto's area is 630.2 square kilometers.
The Smurfs began filming in the 2010s.
Denzel Washington was in Glory.
Jerome is recognized by the Roman Catholic Church.
Adam Sandler voice acted in Hotel Transylvania 2.
Estella Warren date of birth is  December 23, 1978.
Mickey Rooney played a supporting role in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963).
A Few Good Men is a film.
Adrianne Palicki turned down a supporting role in John Wick.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA on April 13, 2015.
Seville is a place that is larger than a town.
Mel Brooks has three of his films ranked on the list for the American Film Institute .
Captain America is a graphic novel.
Ubisoft, French company, was formerly known as Ubi Soft Entertainment Software.
Paul Simon is an actor.
Entertainment takes place in Las Vegas.
Pablo Picasso was a artist in 1906.
Dangerous Liaisons is a film.
Farrah Fawcett was in Sunburn.
Unleashed features Bob Hoskins.
Beyond Westworld was a work.
The 1983-84 NBA season ended with the Los Angeles Lakers losing.
Joseph Fiennes has worked in tv acting.
Before Night Falls is a biographical film.
Britney Spears starred in Crossroads.
Florence Ballard struggled with alcoholism.
The Walt Disney Company owns ESPN.
De Profundis was inscribed to "Bosie."
Elizabeth Taylor was a person.
Sylvester Stallone was born on July 6, 1946.
Anne Frank was a person.
Wild has an actor.
Snowpiercer is co-written by a New Yorker.
Back to the Future Part II is a comedy.
Measles complications occur in about 30% of people
Emily Ratajkowski is a model.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a Belgian film producer.
Winnie Harlow's birth year is 1994.
Pablo Fenjves ghostwrote words.
Emily Ratajkowski is a model.
Tony Bill shared an award with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips.
Kurt Angle is a winner of the WWE Championship.
Serbia has a high rank on the Global Peace Index.
Enemy (2013 film) stars Sarah Gadon.
Transformers: The Last Knight features a performance by an actor.
Steve Jobs was a businessman.
A capital was where the Caracazo took place.
Justin Bieber's fourth album came out in 2015.
Joey Graceffa is American.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character on NCIS.
Minecraft is a work.
Emily Browning is in The Host.
Stephen Hawking suffers from motor neurone disease
FX television channel premiered Damages (TV series).
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a person.
Alpha House is inspired by a politician.
The number of residents of New Orleans is 343,829.
Carice van Houten is a person.
Francis Ford Coppola is an American.
Portal 2 is the sequel to Portal.
Machu Picchu is a 15th-century Inca citadel.
Connie Britton played a role in a horror anthology television series.
Farrah Fawcett took an Emmy Award nomination for her role as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed.
For five years, Jennifer Aniston was in a marriage with Brad Pitt.
Jim Carrey is a person.
Edgar Award honors the best in non-fiction.
Gustave Eiffel focused on meteorology research.
Kirk Douglas is an acting professional in the film industry.
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction.
Frederick Trump was born in a state.
Sofia Coppola acted in a drama film based on a novel.
The second season of the American television show Sonny with a Chance premiered on March 14th, 2010.
Miami Blues featured Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Glacier can be found in Hawaii.
Jane Fonda acted in They Shoot Horses, Don't They.
Soundgarden signed to a major label.
The Beach Boys had over eighty worldwide chart songs.
The Punisher is also named Frank Castle.
Fred Trump engaged in philanthropy.
Lahore is the place where one can find the Shalimar Gardens.
Steve Buscemi is in at least one movie.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a comedy film.
The Jacksons ended on March 9, 1977.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is a television series that is animated.
Kolyma has rich reserves of gold, silver, tin, tungsten, mercury, copper, antimony, coal, oil, and peat.
Kris Wu is a Chinese-born Canadian.
Trevor Noah is the host of The Daily Show.
Tropic Thunder was written by a person.
The Chelsea F.C. is English.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was accused of a crime.
Alicia Vikander was a performer.
Batman: The Killing Joke was illustrated by Brian Bolland.
Tupac Shakur birth name was Lesane Parish Crooks.
Splash starred a Canadian actor.
Eugenio Canfari's birthday was April 16, 1877.
The Permanent Court of Arbitration is hosted in the Netherlands.
Emma Roberts was born in 1991.
Wladimir Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights.
Didier Drogba is ranked fourth all-time top scorer.
Kurt Sutter played motorcycle club leader Otto Delaney.
Boston had the first subway system in the United States.
Ready Player One is a science fiction novel.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a fictional person created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Neil Young writes and sings his own music.
James Mangold has yet to direct a superhero film.
New Orleans straddles the Mississippi River.
Christopher Marlowe is a writer of poetry.
Lonesome Dove was the winner of two Golden Globe Awards.
The cell is a basic unit of biology.
Helen Gardner was an educator.
Beautiful People finished airing.
Mitt Romney was a CEO in the management consulting industry.
Grace Jones and Sarah Douglas acted alongside each other.
Amsterdam was the home of diarist Anne Frank.
Diana Ross was honored in 2007.
Hayden Panettiere played Claire Bennet on Heroes.
Cloud Atlas is modeled from a fictional work by David Mitchell.
Emily Ratajkowski sang in an ad for an upscale automobile brand during the Super Bowl.
Charles, Prince of Wales is patron of numerous other charitable and arts ribbons.
The Make Trade Fair Campaign was supported by Coldplay.
Muhammad is a significant to the Islamic faith.
The cast of Good Will Hunting included Ben Affleck.
Mithun Chakraborty was in a popular Hindi-language film called Disco Dancer.
Android was the target of copyright litigation.
Abraham Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy.
Lucas starred an actor.
The Mummy is a reboot of an earlier film.
The seven-year itch was the previous name of scabies.
About one per 1000 babies born each year are affected by Down syndrome.
Beautiful People had series.
One Direction made music.
Human Rights is included in International Relations.
Muhammad Ali was ranked Sports Personality of the Century by ABC.
René Descartes has argued for the Existence of God.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Tunisia was occupied for one thousand days.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has won a Primetime Emmy Award.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency began operation on December 2, 1970.
Views had the single "Hotline Bling."
The Boot Monument is located in Saratoga National Historical Park in New York.
Donkey can be characterized as a fast talker.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American dancers.
Dubai is a place.
Suits (TV series) features a female actress.
50 First Dates' director was Peter Segal.
Saswata Chatterjee is an actor.
Live Your Life is by T.I.
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a film directed by Wes Craven.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative projects.
FC Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles.
Giada De Laurentiis has co-hosted a show.
The Beach Boys was a rock band from America.
Black Mirror is a British television show.
Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 were films that Adam DeVine was involved with.
Eminem is an artist.
50 First Dates' director was Peter Segal.
The most populous landlocked country in the world is Ethiopia.
Kmart has stores in operation in a group of islands in the Caribbean that are an insular area of the United States.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar.
A mole is used as a breakwater.
Paleogene starts from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago (Mya).
A major film studio is Fox.
Tamera Mowry portrayed a character.
Estella Warren is a former swimmer.
The Hobbit was written by a person.
Norovirus is a common cause of viral gastroenteritis.
Miley Cyrus starred in at least one movie.
The Caracazo had victims.
Jack Reacher is a film.
The Hobbit is a three film series.
Usain Bolt was in the 2008 Olympics.
Mirka Federer was also known as another name.
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour.
Christopher Marlowe is an English poet.
Avril Lavigne is the singer and songwriter of My Happy Ending.
Liev Schreiber made appearances in many independent films.
Dhool starred an Indian actress born in the nineteen eighties.
Ruth Negga is a film actress.
Minecraft is a game.
Vladimir Putin was born in the southern district of Leningrad.
Frank Sinatra was popular.
Stanley Tucci is North American.
Lion was a biographical film.
FC Barcelona's leader was Joan Gamper.
Franklin D. Roosevelt implemented a war strategy.
Braveheart won five awards.
Psychology is included in International Relations.
Andrew Jackson was a Supreme Court justice.
The animated film The Incredibles won two Academy Awards among others.
Radioactive was nominated for Best Rock Performance.
Sweden borders Norway to the west.
Azerbaijan is part of the Muslim world.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as another automaker.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Robert Epps in the Transformers film series.
Ariana Grande's albums have been certified platinum.
Evan Rachel Wood is a musician from the United States.
Amitabh Bachchan has won awards.
Constantine has plot elements taken from a comic book story arc.
Conan O'Brien hosts a late-night talk show in the United States.
Genghis Khan's children had sons.
South Park is made with animation.
Anderson Cooper is a person who does journalism.
Feels So Good was released as a single from the album Hot.
The United States Congress meets in the Capitol.
The Ten Commandments relate to ethics and worship through biblical law.
Bob Dylan has been admitted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Gia is a film that dramatizes the life of Gia Marie Carangi.
Kangana Ranaut trained under a theatre director.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar.
Robert J. O'Neill is a sailor formerly.
Cambodia had a coup by the Khmer Rouge in 1970.
Roman Reigns is a  United States Champion.
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film.
Mike Judge is a person.
Morgan Freeman appeared in Bruce Almighty.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies by marketing directly at middle-aged housewives.
Jerome is recognized by the Roman Catholic Church.
Las Vegas is a county seat.
Idris Elba was in a movie.
American Horror Story is a television series.
The Incredible Hulk is movie number two in a series.
John Lennon was one of the Beatles's co-founders.
Michael Jackson had albums that became world-wide best-sellers.
Alexandra Burke is British.
Wentworth's filming took place in Clayton, Victoria.
Confessions was sold somewhere.
The Great Gatsby is about Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
The most populous landlocked country in the world is Ethiopia.
David Angell produced sitcoms.
Newcastle United F.C. has multiple sports awards like four League Championship titles, six FA Cups, a Charity Shield, a 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cups and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Emily Ratajkowski is a person.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Snoop Dogg was in the main cast of the film short Murder Was the Case.
Greyson Chance is a singer.
Seppuku is a ritual.
Beautiful People finished airing.
Madonna signed with Sire Records.
The French Revolution was partly caused by unpopular taxation schemes.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
The Illuminati attracts writers.
Emily Browning acted in The Echo of Thunder.
Loki is the father of Hel.
Sharon Stone played a fictional character.
The largest city in Benin is Cotonou.
Courtney Love is a person.
Up All Night is an album by the English-Irish pop boy band One Direction.
The Supremes were an American singing group.
Michelangelo did sculptures.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama movie.
Leslie Groves was the director of the Manhattan Project.
David Simon was birthed in 1960.
Miyu Irino voices a character in a game series owned by Disney Interactive Studios.
Grand Ole Pry hosted Patsy Cline.
Bob Arum is the founder of a professional boxing promotion company.
Dennis Hastert served as a congressman.
Rihanna has won ten American Music Awards.
Carole King writes and performs songs.
Brian Helgeland wrote the screenplay of a neo-noir crime film.
William Shakespeare wrote Macbeth.
Alec Baldwin was the winner of seven SAG Awards for 30 Rock.
Marilyn Monroe starred in a movie.
Queen Victoria was alive during the 1870s.
David Mazouz is an actor on the TV show Gotham.
Leslie Groves ceased to be alive on July 13, 1970.
Eminem is in 8 Mile.
Amitabh Bachchan has won awards.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in a TV show.
The internet originated in a project to build communication via computer networks.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a superhero work.
Ellen Burstyn was nominated for five Emmy Awards and seven Golden Globes.
Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin has test projects.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson is in a film.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher.
Logan Lerman starred in a 2016 American drama work.
Tom Felton worked for a cast member of The Borrowers.
Hawaii is among the top twenty most densely populated states in the US.
Ellen Burstyn was in the cast of Requiem for a Dream.
Pablo Fenjves ghostwrote words.
Natalie Portman portrayed Padmé Amidala.
Diana is a studio album.
Melanie Griffith was in an American action comedy film.
Legally Blonde stars Reese Witherspoon and Luke Wilson.
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider has an appearance by Daniel Craig.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is a Japanese dark fantasy film.
Steve Coogan acted in The Look of Love.
John Cena is a Royal Rumble Winner for 2008.
Coronary artery disease can be prevented by eating a healthy diet.
Trolls is a work based on dolls.
H. H. Holmes was the owner of a building located west of Chicago.
Avengers: Age of Ultron was released in 3D and IMAX 3D in the US.
Colin Quinn is from the United States and is also an actor.
A king of Scotland was Charles II of England.
Memento achieved $39.7 million.
Mary Steenburgen stars in The Proposal.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in the soap opera.  Kumkum Bhagya
Dany Rigoulot does figure skating.
Ramzan Kadyrov established the Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup.
Umbrella was a Rihanna song released through Def Jam Recordings.
Athena was syncretized with Roman goddess Minerva.
Dragon is taken from a linguistic system indigenous to sections of the Eastern Mediterranean.
Jing Tian has an acting career.
Soundgarden is a rock band.
Jon Pertwee performed in Scotland.
The Academy Awards are overseen by AMPAS.
Alex Rodriguez plays baseball.
Steven Spielberg collaborated with Jerry Goldsmith.
The Star Trek film series contains films awarded in the areas of makeup, music, set design, and sound design.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the Safari web browser.
The Illusionist was a commercial success.
James Taylor's Greatest Hits album sold 12 million US copies.
Italy is a sovereign state.
Saif Ali Khan had a role in two films which include Dil Chahta Hai and Kal Ho Naa Ho.
Dangerous Beauty starred two actors.
Spencer Tracy was born on April 5th, 1900.
Glenn Close was in productions of Barnum in 1980.
Judy Garland was awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Merlin, the TV show, was created by Julian Jones.
Justin Bieber has won the American Music Award for Artist of the Year.
Boston Legal stars James Spader as a lawyer.
Mel Gibson was born in a month.
Joaquin Phoenix has a career in acting.
Sarah Silverman was involved with a film directed by American director and producer Richard Linklater.
Kurt Angle is a TNA World Heavyweight Championship winner.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed for the musical Porgy and Bess.
Albany, New York, is one of the oldest surviving settlements in America.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are are anti-centromere antibodies.
Teen Wolf's sixth season premiered on September 15, 2016.
Twilight's first novel was published in 2005.
Cry Freedom was shot in Kenya and Zimbabwe.
Kangana Ranaut won a Filmfare Critics Award.
Abraham Lincoln condemned the expansion of slavery.
Rock music originated as rock and roll in the early 50's in the United States.
Andrew Wood is a member of Malfunkshun.
Ecuador literally translates to "Republic of the Equator."
Rihanna has won ten American Music Awards.
Merlin, the TV show, was created by Julian Jones.
United Nations was established on October 24th, 1945.
Emily Blunt once won British Artist of the Year.
Sportsman of the Year has been awarded to Michael Schumacher.
Tim Rice is known for his additional songs in the 2011 revival of the Wizard of Oz and he is American.
Minions is the thirteenth highest-grossing film of all time and the second highest-grossing animated film.
Stanley Tucci is a person.
Novak Djokovic won a Bronze medal.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the east by a province.
Marilyn Monroe was a celebrity.
The West Wing consists of the Oval Office.
Jamie Foxx is from America..
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by a singer.
Saamy is an Indian Tamil film.
Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy produced Minions.
Charlie Chaplin had a childhood.
Lamniformes include some of the most familiar species of sharks.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Bradford is the location of the Alhambra theater, named after the Alhambra palace.
Marshall McLuhan was heavily involved in media discourse.
The bassist for Gorillaz, Murdoc Niccals, is a made up character.
More than 2000 runs have been scored by Alex Rodriguez.
Muhammad Ali was a boxer.
The Beach Boys is a group.
Blue Velvet was written by David Lynch.
Olivia Munn has a career.
Newspapers include reviews.
Marion Cotillard achieved recognition.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a sequel to Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
Jennifer Grey was born in the U.S.
Tim Rice collaborated with a composer.
An example of a television personality was Steve Irwin.
Arrow is on The CW.
Bryan Cranston won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Selena Gomez is a singer.
John Stewart was the first African American superhero to appear in DC comics.
Minions is the thirteenth highest-grossing film of all time and the second highest-grossing animated film.
Anna Kendrick has starred in a film.
Patrick Wilson (American actor) acted in the second season of Fargo.
The Odia language is used for communication by a good number of people.
Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates.
Connaught Tunnel is in British Columbia.
Radiohead is a group.
An American media company was an employer of William Hanna.
South Park is made with animation.
Will Ferrell worked on The Producers.
Led Zeppelin is a band.
Elementary has a character.
Mr. Freeze first appeared in a Batman comic.
The New York Times is declining.
Scarlett Johansson acted as Griet.
William Jennings Bryan is American.
International Relations includes technology and engineering, economics, communication studies, history, international law, demography, philosophy, geography, social work, sociology, anthropology, criminology, psychology, gender studies, cultural studies, culturology, and diplomacy, globalization, diplomatic relations, state sovereignty, international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, nationalism, economic development, global finance, as well as terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights, as well, as, more recently, comparative religion.
Billie Jean King played against a team from Great Britain.
Steve Harvey has written books.
Gerald Ford was a presidential candidate in 1976.
Law of value is an important idea in Karl Marx's criticism of political economy.
The Hangover Part III stars Ken Jeong.
Gabon is bordered by three African countries.
Paul Rudd stars in Role Models.
Hilary Swank was born in 1974.
Absolute Beginners featured someone.
Modern Family, American television show, had it's eighth season starting on September 21st, 2016.
The blue whale's body is the biggest in the world.
Napoleon led a military expedition.
Guardians of the Galaxy was released in the United States in 2014.
Bali is north of Australia.
An army was led by Hannibal.
Nicki Minaj has been nominated for 10 Grammys.
Radiohead is a group.
Star Trek, the film series, had a one-disc DVD version with no special features.
James and Tom Franco are brothers.
All About Eve won 6 Academy Awards.
Wladimir Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights.
Reporter was a job held by Sunny Leone.
Soundgarden was a contemporary of Nirvana.
Birth of the Dragon's filming began in Canada.
Telangana is a state in India.
Cambodia had a coup by the Khmer Rouge in 1970.
Toy Story 3 received award nominations.
In & Out is an American comedic film.
De Profundis is an epistle.
Chicago White Sox play at a baseball field in the city's South Side.
Didier Drogba was a former team captain.
The Guest stars Lance Reddick.
Nice & Slow appears on an album.
Saskatchewan shares a border to the northeast with Nunavut.
Hungarians have several subgroups, such as the Csángós people.
Jerry Seinfeld is a director.
George Washington was a politician.
Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor had operational issues during its development.
Boston is located in the state of Massachusetts on the Shawmut Peninsula.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a French mathematician.
Annie Parisse is a person.
Telangana is one of the states of India.
Allen Ginsberg was portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Blue Velvet was nominated for an Academy Award.
Ajay Devgn is a Bollywood actor.
Streptococcus pertains to the subclass Lactobacillales.
The Hangover Part III stars Ed Helms.
Russ has a song titled "What They Want".
The French Revolution began after 1792.
Steve Jobs was an inventor.
Blind Faith was a skiffle band from England.
Journey was named the fifth-best American rock band in a 2005 USA Today opinion poll.
Poland has more visits each year than all but 15 other countries in the world.
London's location is the United Kingdom.
For five years, Jennifer Aniston was in a marriage with Brad Pitt.
The Joker was designed by Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson.
Daniel Craig went to school in London.
Aishwarya Rai was wedded in 2007.
The Netherlands is the headquarters of the International Criminal Court.
Catching Fire is a sequel to The Hunger Games.
Garry Kasparov plays chess.
Florence Ballard struggled with alcoholism.
The House at Pooh Corner was written by an author.
Margaret Atwood is a novelist who writes poetry.
Code Geass has been adapted into other media.
Richard Dreyfuss has won a Golden Globe Award.
Bruce Lee was in Enter the Dragon.
Boeing 777 planes have two jet engines.
Davis Guggenheim is a television producer and show-runner.
In 2011, the Writers Guild of America gave Steven Zaillian an award.
My Own Private Idaho played at the 48th Venice International Film Festival.
Naomi Watts is an English film producer.
Ann Romney attended a private research university in Provo.
James Taylor's Greatest Hits album sold 12 million US copies.
David Beckham began playing professional football in England.
Demi Lovato's first single was "This is Me".
Nikola Tesla was a futurist.
Miyu Irino was born in Tokyo.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based on a book.
The Star Trek film series contains films awarded in the areas of makeup, music, set design, and sound design.
Akira Toriyama created Dragon Ball.
Dolly Parton didn't star in 9 to 5.
The Gadsden flag is a historical flag.
Doc Holliday set up practice in Georgia.
A phylogenetic tree shows inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species.
Frank Sinatra starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for four Academy Awards.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded in 1898.
Stockard Channing appeared in a 1975 American comedy film.
The Germanic peoples are also called Teutonic.
The Hellenic goddess of wild animals was called Artemis.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for four Academy Awards.
Trevor Berbick was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer.
Robert Downey Jr. has portrayed a character.
Islam is a system of faith.
Red is inspired by a comic book series by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner.
Sarah Michelle Gellar played the part of Kathryn Merteuil.
Benin's seat of government is in Cotonou, in the country's south.
Michael C. Hall had a role in the television series Dexter, as the titular character.
Abraham Lincoln condemned the expansion of slavery.
The Joker was designed by Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson.
Heartland debuted in October 2007.
Glee is an American TV show.
The Smurfs began filming in March 2010.
Usain Bolt participated in the Olympics in 2008.
Martina Navratilova was born in 1956.
Jamie Foxx is an American.
The Mummy is an American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman.
Warren Buffett is a business magnate.
The Messenger was nominated for a Golden Globe.
Justin Timberlake is from the United States and is someone who produces music.
Dogs have been selectively bred for physical attributes.
River Pheonix is involved in films.
Collision Course was released by Roc-A-Fella and Machine Shop.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is an American superhero movie.
Richard Gere starred in an American thriller film.
Chester Bennington is an actor.
Rick and Morty's creators are Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon.
American Horror Story is a television series.
Dangerously in Love sold 317,000 digital copies in its first week.
David Beckham was a footballer in England.
Ramadan is the ninth calendar month in Islam.
Peyton Manning played football.
Vincent Cassel starred in a thriller.
Heather Watson is a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion.
The Bends is a rock album.
Jared Kushner is an owner of a newspaper.
Dolly Parton starred in the comedy Steel Magnolias.
Despicable Me 3 features the voice of Kristen Wiig.
Cannibalism is the act of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other primates.
Taylor Sheridan is a screenwriter.
Mauritius was a British colony.
Sons of Anarchy was made by Kurt Sutter.
Unforgettable is authored by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson.
London is a global city.
Computer scientists uses Pi.
David Beckham played with United.
An Indian actor born in December starred in Laadla.
Stockard Channing has not worked in films.
Andy Warhol is creative.
How to Be is a 2008 film.
Graceland belonged to Elvis Presley.
Travis Barker was born in 1975.
Arrow is a TV series.
John Mayer was birthed in the state of Connecticut.
Futurama has merchandise that is related to it.
Radioactive was nominated for Best Rock Performance.
Red Headed Stranger's lyrics have been featured in a comic.
Starbucks was founded in 1971.
Avengers: Age of Ultron was released in 3D and IMAX 3D in the US.
Indian first came out in 1996.
Anderson Silva was born in the year 1975 on the month April.
Final Fantasy XII sold over 5 million copies worldwide.
Hungary is bordered by a country.
Richard Gere starred in an romantic film.
The Mummy is an American film.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Director.
Bowie's music draws from industrial and jungle styles.
Taylor Swift holds five Guinness World Records.
A 2013 superhero comedy film featured an appearance by Jim Carrey.
Rock music originated in North America.
From the Earth to the Moon was created in 1998.
The Mummy is a film.
Rapper Lil' Kim and Lisa Lopes have worked together.
Brittany Murphy is a native of Atlanta.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as General Motors.
Chris Brown collaborated with a rapper.
Google has received significant criticism for censorship issues.
Jon Watts had the movie Spider-Man: Homecoming released in 2017.
Alien: Covenant is a science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott.
Lewis Hamilton was the runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg in 2016.
Michael C. Hall won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Keanu Reeves was in a band.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Bruce Lee was in Enter the Dragon.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a comedy film.
Get Out stars Allison Williams.
Buddy Holly was a musician and a singer-songwriter in a band.
Hopman Cup has been attended monthly by Harry Hopman's widow.
William Shakespeare is widely regarded as the world's pre-eminent playwright.
In Oxford, Jamie Oliver launched "Jamie's Italian".
Canadian-American Tommy Chong is an actor.
Jerry Lewis's birth name was Joseph Levitch.
Mark Zuckerberg has a net worth of $63.3 billion as of May 5, 2017.
Evil is commonly associated with actions.
Led Zeppelin played music.
Lee Child hails from the United Kingdom.
Charles, Prince of Wales is the only heir apparent to the Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Gilmore Girls was executive produced by Daniel Palladino.
Alec Sokolow has worked with an American.
David Beckham began playing professional football in England.
Danny DeVito has an online venture titled The Blood Factory.
Glen Campbell has won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards.
Winona Ryder earned a Golden Globe nomination.
Eugenio Canfari's birthday was April 16, 1877.
3G data is part of the IPhone 3G.
Travis Barker was in Feeble.
Easy Virtue is an adaptation.
Alice is a reworking of a film.
Andre Agassi won all four Grand Slam tournaments on hard, clay, and grass surfaces.
The exact function of Huntington's disease is unknown.
Injustice 2 includes a loot-dropping system.
David Thewlis is an English screenwriter.
Emily Browning is in The Host.
Tony Bill shared an award with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips.
Kuala Lumpur is the economic center of Malaysia.
Frances is Carrie Fisher's middle name.
Rolling Stone magazine described Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Sixties."
Carrie Fisher wrote an autobiographical one-woman movie.
Robert F. Kennedy was shot by Sirhan Sirhan.
Evan Rachel Wood is a musician from the United States.
Machu Picchu is a 15th-century Inca citadel.
Timea Bacsinszky was the winner of titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
The French Revolution began after 1792.
Here Comes the Sun was recorded by a British band.
Fred Trump's dad's name was Frederick.
Dolly Parton starred in the comedy Steel Magnolias.
Stevie Ray Vaughan was voted Best New Talent by readers of Guitar Player.
Adolf Hitler joined a political party.
A 2013 superhero comedy film featured an appearance by Jim Carrey.
Live Your Life is by an American.
Black Sabbath is a rock band from England.
Jane Fonda acted in They Shoot Horses, Don't They.
Montreal has a legal language.
Lee Min-ho was the lead role in Gangnam Blues.
Deadpool 2 featured Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T. J. Miller, Gina Carano, Leslie Uggams, Brianna Hildebrand, and Stefan Kapičić.
Emily Blunt is British.
Dragon Ball has several soundtracks.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features Deep Purple members.
Bill Clinton served as President of the United States for eight years.
Mariah Carey was born on the 27th.
Joan Cusack worked with Matt Dillon and she is American.
Jennifer Hudson was a finalist in the third season of American Idol.
The Big Trail stars John Wayne.
Page Hamilton is a guitarist.
The Prestige stars an actor.
Star Search was remade by 2929 Productions.
The Conjuring 2 was authored by Carey Hayes.
Count Basie took his orchestra to Chicago for a long engagement.
Steve Jobs was an inventor.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was in June.
The Great Debaters features Jermaine Williams in a starring role.
Blind Faith was a skiffle band from England.
Ceres is within the orbit of Neptune and Pluto.
Ulysses S. Grant served as President of the United States.
Josh Friedman wrote The Black Dahlia.
Boardwalk empire is a television series.
Caryn Mandabach produced The Cosby Show.
Grace Jones played the character May Day.
Logan Lerman played a character in The Three Musketeers (2011).
WALL-E is a winner of a Hugo Award.
Austria is neutral.
Miley Cyrus starred in at least one movie.
Kazakhstan's location is Central Asia.
The Bounty was based on another work.
Xbox One possesses support for 4K video playback and upscaling.
Trolls is a work based on dolls.
Stockard Channing has not worked in films.
Game of Thrones (season 1) is based on a novel from the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin.
Alexander Hamilton raised an artillery company in 1776.
Muammar Gaddafi was the Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.
Quentin Tarantino wrote and directed My Best Friend's Birthday.
At Middleton has a performance by Andy Garcia.
Jon Pertwee performed in Scotland.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in the 1960s.
Elephants are the prey of lions.
Gang Signs & Prayer is an album by a recording artist in the grime music genre.
Moscow is a national capital.
Star Trek had spin-off television series.
Con Man (web series) is a comedy web series written by Alan Tudyk.
Ludacris has won a Critic's Choice award.
Sue Vertue was born on September 21.
Kazakhstan's location is Central Asia.
Gillian Anderson is an American-British actress.
Canadian-American Tommy Chong is an actor.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are anti-Ro antibodies.
Mel Gibson was born in a month.
London's location is the United Kingdom.
Hate group practices hatred, hostility, or violence towards members of a race, ethnicity, nation, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society.
Tanzania's government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance was won by Radioactive.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a French mathematician.
Whoopi Goldberg co-produced a show.
Down syndrome resulted in thousands of deaths in 2015.
A mixtape is a home-made compilation of music.
Soundgarden was a contemporary of Nirvana.
Snowden is a biographical film.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its wit sophistication.
Tina Turner released at least nine solo albums.
Neal Schon is an American vocalist.
12 solo studio albums have been released by R. Kelly.
Matt Kuchar is an American golfer.
Hong Kong maintains its interdependent executive, legislative, and judiciary powers.
The Crazies is a film.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 drama film.
O. J. Simpson was born July 9th, 1947.
John Lennon was from England.
New Orleans straddles the Mississippi River.
Ann Romney attended a private research university in Provo.
A Perfect Circle was formed by an American.
Charles, Prince of Wales is the only heir apparent to the Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American girls.
Kristen Stewart won an award.
Jessica Lange made her film debut in the remake of a movie from 1933.
Jean-Martin Charcot taught anatomical pathology.
Caryn Mandabach produced a show.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose third name is Saunders.
The Chainsmokers released the number-one song Closer.
Michelle Williams started her career with guest appearances on television.
Chris Hemsworth starred in a movie.
Maynard James Keenan started the rock supergroup A Perfect Circe in 1999.
Take a Bow is a single work of music.
Tupac Shakur birth name was Lesane Parish Crooks.
Willie Nelson is in favor of marijuana legalization.
Ethan Hawke has starred in critically acclaimed films.
Maisie Williams is a woman.
United Nations was established in the 1940s.
Monica Seles's birthplace was SFR Yugoslavia.
Alicia Silverstone starred in a film directed by Amy Heckering.
Mike Love graduated college on March 15th, 1941.
Liana Liberato appeared in a 2010 American drama thriller film.
Istanbul is a human settlement.
Suicide Kings is a film that was created in 1997.
Jerry Lewis is an actor.
Joseph Barbera's middle name is Roland.
Al Gore's middle name is Arnold.
Bangladesh is on the Indian subcontinent.
Seth MacFarlane is an actor.
Kobe Bryant was in the NBA.
Chelsea F.C. is a Premier League football club in London.
The name Minneapolis is attributed to the city's first schoolteacher.
J. Cole founded Dreamville records.
Toby Whithouse has written for Doctor Who.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed a movie.
Jazz Jennings has an online presence.
Titanic is a film.
Socrates was a classical philosopher from Athens.
Bronson (film) was directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.
The 23rd governor of Arizona is Doug Ducey.
Horseshoe Falls is also known as something else.
Mike Judge is a director.
Measles complications occur in about 30% of people
Roald Dahl is a British writer.
Christopher Nolan worked on Inception.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama movie.
Rafael Nadal is from Europe.
United Nations has members including Slovenia.
The Grammy Hall of Fame inducted Bohemian Rhapsody.
The border between Utah and Arizona is straddled by Lake Powell.
Life Is Peachy is a 1996 album.
The French Revolution was partly caused by unpopular taxation schemes.
The largest city in Benin is Cotonou.
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes was directed by J. Lee Thompson.
Kurt Russell has starred in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Jay Sekulow is the Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice.
Destiny came after Halo.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of a producer from Canada.
Lil Wayne has released the album Tha Carter IV.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is a former Belgian colony.
Michael Keaton is a producer.
Jet Li's birthplace is Beijing.
Alicia Vikander was a ballet dancer.
The Host stars an American singer.
Rescue Me is a comedy TV series.
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs.
Desperate Housewives aired on ABC starting in 2004.
Mexico went to war with France in the 19th century.
Emily Ratajkowski is a person.
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a film directed by Wes Craven.
Zooey Deschanel is a ukuleleist.
Israel hosts a population of asylum seekers from a place.
Watchmen is a DC Comics collection.
The U.S. mainland is connected to Goat Island.
Trevor Berbick was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer.
Love & Mercy (film) stars American actor Paul Dano.
Major League Soccer is found in the United States.
Daniel Craig attended a liberal arts school.
Axl Rose has wide vocal range.
Mr. Freeze is an enemy of Batman.
Soundgarden was a band.
Mark Wahlberg has an early career as frontman for a musical group.
Thiokol was also known as Cordant Technologies Inc.
Kris Kristofferson was a person.
Lily Collins had a role in Priest in which she is captured by vampires.
Tom Felton is an actor.
Miranda Kerr has a modeling career.
Elizabeth Banks did a Netflix miniseries.
Night Visions is the name of an album by Imagine Dragons.
Cher is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop.
Shirley MacLaine starred in Ask Any Girl.
Umbrella is a recording.
Larry Buttrose wrote The Maze of the Muse.
At Middleton has a performance by Andy Garcia.
Ariana Grande lent her voice to animated works.
Kurt Angle wrestles professionally.
Tim Rice worked on King David with Alan Menken.
Logan (film) is a film directed by an American film and television director.
May 15, 1886 was the day Emily Dickinson passed away.
Prison Break received the People's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama.
Life Is Peachy is an album in the nu metal genre.
Justin Bieber recorded Love Yourself.
Will Ferrell worked on The Producers.
William Shatner was featured as attorney Denny Crane.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues.
Boston attracts millions of tourists.
Dogstar (band) released two albums.
Beyond Westworld was a work.
Stevie Ray Vaughan was voted Best New Talent by readers of Guitar Player.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was in June.
Elvis was directed by a man.
Erich von Manstein was released prematurely from a 12 year prison sentence in 1953.
Boeing 737s serve markets previously filled by MD-80/MD-90 and DC-9 airliners.
Anderson Cooper is a person who does journalism.
Woody Allen is a musician.
Diego Luna is a performer.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Robert Epps in the Transformers film series.
Burnaby achieved City status 100 years after incorporation.
A fantasy film usually involves worlds.
Lady Gaga has won six Grammy Awards.
David Schwimmer was a member of the cast in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood.
One series is Boardwalk Empire.
Animal Farm is included in a selection.
Christoph Waltz is an  award-winning actor.
The Hunger Games is set in a dystopian society.
Cancer can be prevented by taking certain measures.
Fernando Alonso is Spanish.
Eagles second live album was Hell Freezes Over.
In Dubious Battle featured Josh Hutcherson.
Christian Bale worked with David O. Russell.
Sansa Stark is a fictional person in Game of Thrones.
Snoop Dogg has worked with Dr. Dre.
De Profundis was written to "Bosie."
Dwayne Johnson works part-time for WWE.
Robert Lee Yates is an American.
Baloo was featured in The Second Jungle Book.
Alien: Covenant is a science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott.
Arjun Kapoor hosted the IIFA Awards in Britain.
Uranus is a planet.
Shibu Issac produced Thenmerku Paruvakaatru.
Donnie Wahlberg plays Danny Reagan.
Elton John has a connection to the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
Destiny does maintain lineage to the Halo series.
Wrath of the Titans grossed $305 million dollars.
Alexander Lebedev was listed in a magazine.
Mitt Romney was a CEO in the management consulting industry.
Olivia Munn possessed an early career.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for an award.
Connaught Tunnel replaced a previous routing.
Land Rover makes the Defender.
KJ Apa has portrayed the fictional person Kane Jenkins.
The Smurfs began filming in March 2010.
Indonesia has an abundance of oil.
David Cronenberg has a cameo in To Die For.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born in June.
The Matrix was written and directed by the Wachowskis.
Brittany Murphy is a native of Atlanta.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is a Japanese dark fantasy film.
Android was the target of copyright litigation.
Jerry Maguire was worked on by Leigh Steinberg.
Estella Warren is a fashion model.
Selena Gomez is a singer.
Steve Mouzakis played the character Steven Ray.
The 2014 WTA Finals began on October 17th, 2014.
Annie Parisse starred on an American soap opera.
Contained in the Bible are narratives.
Bali is found between Java to the west and Lombok to the east.
David Beckham won the Premier League title.
Pink Floyd was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Alicia Vikander was a performer.
Victor Headley was involved in the writing of Yardie.
Prison Break won a People's Choice Award.
The Lion King is an artistic work.
Toronto's area is 630.2 square kilometers.
Fred Trump's dad's name was Frederick.
The Grammy Hall of Fame inducted Bohemian Rhapsody.
Nicolas Cage is an American resident.
The Danish Girl is a film.
Rolling Stone magazine described Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Sixties."
Uranus is a planet.
Just Dance was premiered in 2008.
Red Headed Stranger's lyrics have been featured in a comic.
Leicester City F.C. has been FA Cup finalists four times.
Kate Beckinsale is an actress.
Richard Gere starred in a film.
Tamara Taylor was born in the summer or fall.
Each jackfruit is made of more than a hundred flowers.
Tom Cruise starred in at least one film from the 1980s.
Boston brings in tourists.
Maid in Manhattan is a romantic comedy.
WALL-E earned $533.3 million worldwide.
Josh Duhamel was born in 1972.
Tropic Thunder was created by Stiller.
Nazi Germany suffered military defeats.
Ronin is an American spy film.
Batman: The Killing Joke was penned by Alan Moore.
Roland Garros Stadium is in Paris and is the site of the French Open.
Horror is the genre of The Crazies.
Harry Potter is based on the Harry Potter novels.
England is a Christian country.
Symptoms of measles begin on the face and then spread to the rest of the body.
Newspaper include obituaries.
In Secret was based on a book.
Silicon Valley is in the Bay Area of California.
Ayn Rand supported capitalism.
American actress Amy Adams stars in Her.
Justin Timberlake is from the United States and is someone who produces music.
Stockard Channing appeared in a 1975 American comedy film.
Ken Russell was involved with the film Tommy.
John Malkovich starred in a movie.
Jane Lynch has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her work in Glee.
Jessica Chastain was in a movie.
Holly Hunter is a person.
Doc Holliday set up practice in Georgia.
The Wizard of Oz is a production.
Mithun Chakraborty was in a popular Hindi-language film called Disco Dancer.
Game of Thrones's third season premiered on March 31, 2013.
Axl Rose has wide vocal range.
One kind of Mediterranean cuisine dish is roast lamb.
Frank Ocean released albums.
Heidi Klum has acted in commercials.
All About Eve won 6 Academy Awards.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International provides education.
Alkaline Trio's debut album is Goddamnit.
Tesla, Inc. has a subordinate company that has headquarters in California.
The Illusionist was a success critically.
Caryn Mandabach produced a show.
The Strain is an American television series on FX.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
Sigmund Freud's work has suffused contemporary Western thought and pop culture.
Richard Gere starred in an romantic film.
Davis Guggenheim is a television director.
Muhammad was persecuted by some Meccan tribes.
Emily Blunt won the BAFTA award for British Artist of the Year in 2009.
Aaliyah worked with two record producers.
Tommy Chong has Canadian and American citizenship.
Hungary was founded during a conquest.
Gerald Ford was American.
System of a Down has sold albums around the world.
Allure is a magazine from the United States.
Will Ferrell was employed on a series created by Lorne Michaels.
12 solo studio albums have been released by R. Kelly.
Android was evidence in a copyright litigation.
Martina Navratilova was born in 1956.
That '70s Show ended in May.
Keith Urban is Australian.
Ronin starred at least one actor.
The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural television series created in the United States.
Get Out stars Allison Williams.
David Schwimmer was a member of the cast in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood.
Douglas Aircraft Company did business with McDonnell Aircraft.
Don't Forget Where You Belong was written by Niall Horan.
John Lennon was English from Liverpool.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is James.
John Lennon was a screenwriter.
Melanie Griffith is a television actress.
Borrelia afzelli is likely to cause a variant of Lyme disease.
Denzel Washington was in Glory.
The 25th was the day a remixed version of See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was released.
In the 1960's, George Tuska worked on Iron Man comics.
Man of Steel (film) was directed by Zack Snyder.
Damages (TV series) premiered in July 24, 2007.
Venus orbits the Sun.
One More Light was published in 2017.
Until Dawn received a positive response.
In The New Adventures of Old Christine, Julia Louis-Dreyfus played Christine Campbell.
The Homesman features James Spader.
Los Angeles has ethnic diversity.
Ezra Edelman directed O.J.: Made in America.
The Host stars an American singer.
Robert Redford was in the main cast of Perry Mason.
Penny Dreadful had episodes.
Lust for Life is based on a 1934 novel.
Jamie Foxx won an award.
Underworld stars an actress.
Lupe Fiasco is an American rapper.
The United States Naval Academy is mixed-sex.
Sarrainodu was released in 2016.
Zendaya is professionally known by just her first name.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
Amazon Web Services included tools for the inter-networking of physical technology.
Apps are able to be downloaded on iPhones.
Sarrainodu translates in Telugu to "The Right Person".
Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon in the 40s BC.
Elton John has a connection to the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
Caryn Mandabach produced The Cosby Show.
Mariah Carey made international chart history.
Chris Terrio is American.
Horrible Bosses is based on a story by the film's writer.
Bob Marley began with a band.
Olivia Munn has existed since at least 2006.
Steven Soderbergh won an award.
Gregor Clegane is a character from a novel series in the fantasy genre.
Saskatchewan shares a border to the northeast with Nunavut.
Contained in the Bible are narratives.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by an Irish actor.
Marlon Brando was in Sayonara.
Steve Buscemi is in a film.
Garry Kasparov was born April 13, 1963.
Humanz was released in a year later than 2010.
Michael McCary was a bass singer in Boyz II Men.
Android has had prosperity.
Mark Zuckerberg co-founded a website.
Grace Jones is an entertainer.
The French Open is also called Roland-Garros, the name of a stadium.
Cambodia's deposed king gave support to the Khmer Rouge following the coup in 1970.
Alice is a reworking of a film.
Hotell is a Swedish film.
Ryder is also referred to as Ryder System, Inc.
Black Sails was renewed for a third season.
The Los Angeles Lakers won five championships in nine years.
The X Factor is a music competition.
Ronin is an American spy film.
Wyatt Earp served as a bouncer.
Johnny Mnemonic was released in the United States.
Lake Powell is mostly located in Utah.
The South Wales Valleys are in Wales.
Pan Am premiered on an American television network known as ABC.
The Kingdom Hearts series contains Kingdom Hearts III.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the east by a province.
Curse, Inc. is used by the game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Sons of Anarchy is a creation.
Betty Buckley has been nominated for a Tony Award.
Amitabh Bachchan was referred to as "Big B" by his fans.
Moana is a work.
Believe is an album.
Steven Soderbergh directed a biographical film and received acclaim.
Prison Break was created by the screenwriter and director Paul Scheuring .
Lucas is a film.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short story by Philip K. Dick.
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
Facebook's CEO is Mark Zuckerberg.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player.
David Jones (video game developer) is a programmer.
Bob Arum is the CEO of a company based in Las Vegas.
WALL-E won a Golden Globe Award.
Saint Peter was ordained by Jesus according to Catholic teaching.
Mike Pence supported the Tea Party movement.
Christie Brinkley has had four marriages.
Keisuke Honda plays right wing.
Bali is found between Java to the west and Lombok to the east.
Courteney Cox played Monica Geller on Friends.
Britney Spears' middle name is Jean.
Low is an album called David Bowie.
Adolf Hitler didn't cause the Holocaust.
Macaulay Culkin acted in The Good Son.
Wyatt Earp was arrested for stealing.
Costa Rica is in Central America.
Meghan McCain presents and contributes to Fox News.
Kaitlin Olson stars as Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Red Headed Stranger is an album.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top-scorer with 31 goals.
The Lion King's main character is a lion named Simba.
Conor McGregor signed with the UFC.
George H. W. Bush did not become a millionaire.
Vladimir Putin was born in the southern district of Leningrad.
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is produced by a studio.
The Portuguese Empire was an empire in world history.
Caitlyn Jenner is a transgender woman.
Up All Night is the debut album by One Direction.
Observer Media is a company.
Teen Wolf's sixth season premiered on September 15, 2016.
Europeans discovered the Australian continent in 1606.
Wentworth is a television series.
Graceland belonged to Elvis Presley.
Aishwarya Rai married writer Abhishek Bachchan.
Gilmore Girls was executive produced by Daniel Palladino.
Trevor Noah is South African.
Give Me Everything is the second single from a Pitbull album.
Billy Wilder was born on a date.
Maggie Gyllenhaal was in a film written by Susanna White.
Los Angeles has ethnic diversity.
Iron Man 3 had a director.
Anthony Meindl has coached and worked with at least one actress.
Observer Media is an American company.
George Orwell is opposed to totalitarian states.
Melbourne has an extensive transport network.
Pregnancy symptoms include tender breasts.
The Bounty was based on another work.
Ted Kennedy was a senator.
Lucas starred an actor.
Harry Styles had his first acting role in the film Dunkirk.
Caitlyn Jenner changed her gender.
Matt Sorum founded a touring project in 2012.
Flash Thompson bullies his classmate Peter Parker in the Spider-man comics.
Saswata Chatterjee is an actor.
Interstellar premiered in the 2010s.
Roger Federer plays sports.
Stranger Things has a character who can move things without touching them.
The Wicked Witch of the West was created by the author L. Frank Baum.
Wiz Khalifa's name from birth is Cameron Jibril Thomaz.
Turn: Washington's Spies premiered in April 2015.
Jackie Evancho issued an EP and albums.
My Own Private Idaho played at the 48th Venice International Film Festival.
There were matches in eight cities in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed a movie.
Science fiction is the genre of Back to the Future Part II.
The border between Utah and Arizona is straddled by Lake Powell.
Michael Bay produced A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Scarlett Johansson acted as Griet.
Celtic F.C. is in the Scottish Premiership.
United Nations was established in the 1940s.
Ben Whishaw was in productions.
Robert Duvall is a person.
William Shakespeare wrote Macbeth.
The animated film The Incredibles won two Academy Awards among others.
Rachel McAdams graduated from York University in 2001.
Billy Joel is a singer-songwriter and pianist.
Grace Jones influenced New York's cross-dressing movement in the 1980s.
Cara Delevingne had a major role as Kath Talent in a thriller film.
Ranbir Kapoor co-owns Mumbai City FC.
A film starring Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave was directed by Ken Russell.
David Beckham is a professional football player.
Demi Lovato is not an American singer.
The New York Times was founded in New York City.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as intellectual property.
Hong Kong maintains its independent powers.
One of lung cancer's symptoms is quickening of breath.
Soccer is played in Paris.
The Bounty was based on a book by Richard Hough.
The Evil Queen has been performed live by Anne Fancine.
Giacomo Casanova was from the Republic of Venice.
International Relations includes many subject matters.
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes was directed by J. Lee Thompson.
Robert F. Kennedy was shot by Sirhan Sirhan.
Muhammad was raised under the care of his uncle.
No Escape had sneak previews in the Philippines.
To Kill a Mockingbird has themes of racial injustice and destruction of innocence.
The Martian is a 2015 big science fiction film.
Aruba features cacti in its landscape.
Omar Sharif was fluent in Portuguese.
Diane Ruggiero has worked as a writer.
John Cusack has worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus played a character.
Felicity Jones stars in Rogue One.
A comic book by a Scottish writer is what Kick-Ass is based on.
The Fujistsu iPAD was released well before the Apple product of the same name, being available for purchase in 2002.
Nicki Minaj made an album.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Tobey Maguire's has a middle name.
Tokyo Ghoul has the actor Ken Kaneki.
Leslie Groves was the fourth graduated in his class.
Hot was by an English actress.
Tom Hiddleston appeared in a Jim Jarmusch film.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies.
Titanic is a film.
Haim Saban is a film producer.
The Mughal Empire had territory in a continent.
Asia is south of an ocean.
Nick Nolte was born in the 1940s.
Boyz II Men is a group of four singers.
Woody Harrelson played Woody Boyd.
Latin pop entered the U.S. music scene with the help of Ricky Martin.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Jack Gleeson.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was taped by a singer who's an American citizen.
Klute was directed by an American film director, writer and producer.
Smoking is correlated with the occurrence of leukemia.
The Breakfast Club featured Emilio Estevez.
Yung Rich Nation was produced by a Canadian.
Kurt Angle is a winner of the WWE Championship.
Novak Djokovic won a Bronze medal.
Jerry Maguire was produced by a producer of the animated show The Simpsons.
Lady Gaga has won six Grammy Awards.
Helen Keller is a famous deaf person.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features Deep Purple members.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed for the musical Porgy and Bess.
Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor had operational issues during its development.
David Beckham has 4 children.
Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean as well as a member of 8 intergovernmental organizations.
Israel hosts a population of a group of people.
Katie Price has had 3 marriages.
Olivia Munn has existed since at least 2006.
Glenn Close made her debut in a 1974 play.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad was born on November 15, 1945.
Arrow is on The CW.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of racial injustice.
Rapper Lil' Kim and Lisa Lopes have worked together.
Asset management may apply to a type of asset that involves humans.
Seal is a songwriter from England.
Jeff Bezos is an American entrepreneur.
50 First Dates is a 2004 film.
Grace Kelly was in Dial M for Murder.
The Boot Monument is located in a United State National Historical Park.
Annie Parisse starred on an American soap opera.
Trevor Noah is a South African citizen.
Steve Buscemi is in a film.
Dan Martin rides for UCI ProTeam.
Europeans discovered the Australian continent in 1606.
Dean Martin was a comedian.
De Profundis is an epistle.
Priyanka Chopra advocates health and education causes.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a superhero work.
Rachel McAdams completed her schooling at York University.
Kirsten Dunst starred in Bring It On (film).
Ted Kaczynski conveyed a letter to the New York Times.
Bobby Moore's caps record for outfield players was beaten by David Beckham in 2009.
The Los Angeles Lakers won more than 30 consecutive games.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as financial assets.
The Fujistsu iPAD was released well before the Apple product of the same name, being available for purchase in 2002.
Meek Mill has had his song "Young & Gettin' It" on the U.S. Billboard 200.
English isn't influenced by Latin.
Dirt was created by a person.
Desperate Housewives is a tv show.
London was the largest city in the EU in 2015.
Samuel L. Jackson appeared in the Die Hard film series in it's third movie.
Winnipeg is foreign to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Ethnic Albanians living outside Montenegro are part of the Albanian diaspora.
Daddy Yankee's record sold more copies than any other Latin music records of the decade.
Angela Lansbury received acclaim for her performance in The Manchurian Candidate.
The killer whale is an oceanic dolphin.
Suits features a character named Mike Ross.
Billie Jean King played against a team from Great Britain.
Elle Fanning starred in a film.
Ezra Edelman is a producer of documentaries.
Susan Sarandon is not an political activist.
Nelson Mandela was a politician.
Shibu Issac produced Thenmerku Paruvakaatru.
Tony Blair was elected after John Smith's sudden death.
The United States was not in a state of geopolitical tension with the Soviet Union after World War II.
Mark Ruffalo is an American film producer.
The Caracazo began in February.
Ulysses S. Grant worked with a US president.
Ballet Shoes was published in the 20th century.
Up All Night is the debut album by One Direction.
Ramayanam is a 1996 film in the Telugu language.
On the Road (film) premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
Queen Latifah is the stage name of Dana Elaine Owens.
Taylor Swift was successful outside of Swift's native country, especially in Canada.
Angelina Jolie was in the film George Wallace.
Mariah Carey is female.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for an Oscar.
The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural television series created in the United States.
The President of Russia can convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly.
Marcus Allen's younger brother is named Damon Allen.
Mary-Louise Parker received a Golden Globe and other awards.
England is a Christian country.
Hong Kong maintains a separate economic system.
American actress Amy Adams stars in Her.
Over four Champions Leagues have been won by FC Barcelona.
University of Oxford is in the world.
Melissa McCarthy has starred in Spy.
Idris Elba was in a movie.
Saratoga is a romantic film.
The Bourne Supremacy stars Joan Allen.
Halle Berry has worked as both an actress and spokesmodel.
Jennifer Aniston is an American citizen.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in Los Angeles in 1983.
Colin Firth was nominated for an award.
Troy Baker's indie band released their debut album in the 2000s.
Feels So Good was released as a single from the album Hot.
Gillian Anderson is an American-British actress.
Soundgarden signed with the publishing house Sub Pop.
Troy Baker was the rhythm guitarist for Tripp Fontaine.
Scabies had another name.
Slipknot (band) is an American heavy metal band.
Ghostbusters was released theatrically in the United States in 2016.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a show.
Veronika Decides to Die is written by Larry Gross.
Susan Sarandon is not an political activist.
STS-96 launched from a Space Center.
Jeff Bezos is an American entrepreneur.
George H. W. Bush was an American Republican politician born June 12, 1924.
Mr. Sunshine started on February 9.
Christianity spread to the Americas.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a novel.
Just Dance was topped the Billboard charts.
Boromir makes an appearance in The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Illusionist was a commercial success.
Zeus is the child of Rhea.
Samoa Joe is part of WWE.
Akbar was a patron of art.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier was influenced by fiction.
Jimmy Carter is an American.
Cleopatra's legacy lives on in a play by George Bernard Shaw.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is based on a French science fiction comic.
Sociology is used to learn about society's origins.
Splash was written by two people.
Blake Edwards started as a performer.
Greenwich is in England.
Furia is French.
Splash, released in 1984, is an American fantasy comedy film.
Kurt Angle's middle name is Steven.
Jack Nicholson is the most nominated male actor in the history of the Emmys.
Tardigrades have been found in at least one habitat.
Elton John was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Jenna Dewan was born on Monday December 3, 1980.
Fernando Alonso is a driver.
Hugo Weaving voiced Rex.
Cheyenne Jackson had a role on a television series.
John Malkovich starred in an action movie.
Albany, New York is in New York.
Kiefer Sutherland appeared in The Bay Boy (1984).
Heidi Klum has acted in commercials.
Sylvester Stallone was born on July 6, 1946.
Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy.
Legion is based on fictional characters from Marvel Comics.
The Strain is an American television series on FX.
Cannibalism was prevalent in the past with human beings.
Michael Fassbender appears in the film Alien: Covenant.
The phalanx appears in writings.
In & Out is an American film.
Bulgaria was in both world wars.
Overwatch is a first-person shooter video game.
Edgar Award honors the best in non-fiction.
Michael Caine was in Inception.
David Beckham won the Premier League title multiple times.
WWI was fought from the 28th of July, 1914 to the 11th of November, 1918.
Tim Allen was featured in Last Man Standing.
Spencer Tracy was born on April 5th, 1900.
Courtney Love was a performer.
Marshall McLuhan was heavily involved in media discourse.
Gujarat has over 60 million people living in its cities.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a geographer.
Dr. Dre put out the album 2001 in 1999.
Steffi Graf was highly ranked during her career.
Gong Yoo is best known by his pseudonym Gong Yoo.
Fernando Alonso is a driver.
Lemon Sky ran in a city.
Water occurs in nature.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by restriction.
Psychology is a branch of academic study.
The Chelsea F.C. is a soccer team.
The Getaway has a track called Go Robot.
Christina Aguilera appeared on the television series The Mickey Mouse Club.
Gary Ridgway is American.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 drama film.
The Berlin Wall was not as long as the inner German border.
Harry Potter is based on the Harry Potter novels.
The Incredible Hulk is movie number two in a series.
Quinoa is a flowering plant.
Kobe Bryant was awarded the regular season's MVP Award in the 21st century.
Sharon Tate starred in The Fearless Vampire Killers.
Joe Manganiello has been featured in Sabotage.
Iran has natural gas.
No Escape had pre-screenings.
Blue Velvet was nominated for an Academy Award.
Anna Kendrick has starred in a film.
Eddie Vedder released a soundtrack for Into the Wild.
The Void was produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker.
Planet of the Apes was based on Pierre Boulle's 1963 science fiction novel of the same name.
The House of Lusignan was royal.
Animal rights were addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy.
The Illuminati attracts writers.
Christopher Marlowe was also known by another alias.
Dirt (TV Series) is a program.
Jim Carrey appeared in a 2013 superhero comedy film.
Solange Knowles has an album called Solo Star.
Sarah Silverman was involved with a film directed by American director and producer Richard Linklater.
Dany Rigoulot does figure skating.
Dopamine is in the brain.
Sue Bird plays basketball.
Injustice 2 includes a loot-dropping system.
Ruth Negga has appeared in a horror film.
Twilight's first novel was published in 2005.
Sharon Stone played a fictional character.
Inception's cast includes French actress Marion Cotillard.
Maggie Gyllenhaal starred in Won't Back Down in 2012.
Augusto Pinochet passed away in 2006.
Hitman was a 2007 film directed by Xavier Gens.
Cambodia's deposed king gave support to the Khmer Rouge following the coup in 1970.
Taylor Swift has a Billboard Music Award.
The Void was previously shown at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival.
Thiokol was concerned with chemicals related to rubber.
Eazy-E's group released their first single in 1987.
Zendaya released a single.
Taylor Swift was successful outside of Swift's native country, especially in Canada.
Bruce Lee was in movies.
Abraham Lincoln lost a Senate race to Stephen A. Douglas.
Jack Black is an American actor that was involved with voice acting for Kung Fu Panda 3.
Fox is what Glee was aired on.
Trolls is a musical romantic comedy adventure film.
Give Me Everything is the second single from a Pitbull album.
Hot was by a songwriter from England.
Miley Cyrus's fifth album has a psychedelic style.
Bryan Cranston won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Director.
Elizabeth II conducted a state visit.
The Netherlands is the headquarters of the International Criminal Court.
Jane Lynch has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her work in Glee.
Bane is a fictional comic book character.
Muhammad Ali was ranked Sports Personality of the Century by ABC.
English isn't influenced by Latin.
Stanley Kubrick directed a movie that starred Jack Nicholson.
Views had the single "Hotline Bling."
An army was led by Hannibal.
Observer Media is an American company.
Woody Harrelson was featured in Friends with Benefits.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was taped by a singer who's an American citizen.
World War II had campaigns occurring in Asia.
Reds is a 1981 film.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
The World Science Festival is a organization that is non-profit.
Sansa Stark is a person in a narrative work of art.
Tyra Banks was a model.
Michael McCullers worked with Americans.
Ashley Judd is involved in global humanitarian efforts.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is based on a French science fiction comic.
Andrew Wood is a member of Malfunkshun.
Judd Apatow is an American citizen.
Payton Manning missed the entire 2011 fall season.
Tiger Woods collected $486,000 for winning a golf tournament.
Short Term 12 is a film categorized as a drama.
James and Tom Franco are brothers.
Black Sails was renewed for a fourth season.
Lahore is home to multiple UNESCO World Heritage Sites including Lahore Fort and the Shalimar Gardens.
Amazon Web Services featured services for apps.
The lion is in the genus Panthera.
Animal Farm is included in a selection.
Robbie Collin is British.
The World According to Paris starred Hilton's then-boyfriend.
Eric Singer has done a performance with Badlands.
Maisie Williams appeared in Game of Thrones.
One of the headquarters of Detroit Diesel is Michigan.
Led Zeppelin II is a rock album.
Adolf Hitler caused the murder of at least 5.5 million Jews.
Babe Ruth was a professional Major League baseball player.
Allure is a women's magazine.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in 1999.
Imperial is a county in Southern California.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
Boston had a public school.
King Kong was directed by a person.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad was born on November 15, 1945.
How to Be is a film.
Portia de Rossi starred in Nip/Tuck.
John Constantine has his own movie.
The Prestige stars Rebecca Hall.
Nepal has borders.
Wyatt Earp's first wife saw typhoid fever.
Warm Leatherette is by a songwriter.
Grace Jones is an entertainer.
The Magna Carta pledged to protect church rights.
Belgium is almost half French-speaking.
Blink-182 helped develop the genre pop punk.
A comic book by a Scottish writer is what Kick-Ass is based on.
The Mummy is an American film.
To Die For features an appearance by David Cronenberg.
Dan Martin is Irish.
Glenn Close was in productions of Barnum in 1980.
Steven Tyler is a former competition judge.
The Chernobyl disaster caused 2 deaths within the facility.
This Sporting Life got Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
Theodore Roosevelt lived an athletic lifestyle.
Farrah Fawcett acted in the science fiction horror film Saturn 3.
Pregnancy symptoms include various ailments.
The United Kingdom has a parliamentary system.
Bill Clinton served as President of the United States for eight years.
Alec Sokolow produced the fantasy film Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber.
Charles, Prince of Wales is patron of numerous other charitable and arts ribbons.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia.
Kurt Russell has starred in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Splatoon 2 is a game.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at an arena.
Stockard Channing acted in a play.
For Off-Broadway plays, Susan Sarandon received nominations.
Soundgarden signed with the publishing house Sub Pop.
Triple H's name stands for Hunter Hearst Helmsley.
Demi Lovato is not an American singer.
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office.
Nepal has borders.
Oliver Reed was born in a month in 1938.
The 20th President of Liberia was William R. Tolbert Jr..
One of the headquarters of Detroit Diesel is Michigan.
K-pop Star 2 involves Yang Hyn-suk.
Miley Cyrus cultivated a type of image.
Amitabh Bachchan was referred to as "Big B" by his fans.
Katy Perry is not the stage name of Katy Hudson.
A Perfect Circle was formed by an American.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children takes place on Cairnholm.
Kim Basinger is a singer.
The second longest of Shakespeare's plays is Richard III.
J. Cole founded the Dreamville Foundation.
Reba McEntire has a career.
Sophie Turner has been in movies.
The Bounty was based on a book by Richard Hough.
Seville is a place that is larger than a town.
Islam had a prophet named Abraham.
Neil Patrick Harris was in a Broadway musical in 2014.
Led Zeppelin is a band.
Kate Beckinsale is an actress.
Ready Player One was passed over for an award for libertarian science fiction novels.
Jim Parsons stars in The Big Bang Theory.
Futurama is a science fiction animated series on Cartoon Network.
Maria I of Portugal existed as Queen of the Algarves.
Eurojust is also misnomer-ed capitalised as EUROJUST.
Superior Donuts appears on a commercial broadcast television network.
Kirk Douglas is an acting professional in the film industry.
Edward is Colin Quinn's middle name.
Dave Franco stars in the movie Neighbors.
Tardigrades have been found in the deep ocean.
Sharpe's Eagle has Daniel Craig in it.
The Girl on the Train was based on Paula Hawkins' 2015 novel.
The first woman to be entombed in the Pantheon in Paris based on her own merits was Marie Curie.
Holly Hunter has won an Emmy.
Zinedine Zidane won an online poll.
Tropic Thunder was written by Justin Theroux along with others.
Veronika Decides to Die is written by Larry Gross.
Tyler, The Creator was born in March.
Mel Gibson never worked with Peter Weir.
Nicole Kidman's parents are Australian.
The Olympic Games has sport competitions.
Symptoms of measles begin on the face and then spread to the rest of the body.
Tiger Woods has competed in a tournament.
The internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a game show.
Gia is a movie.
Thiokol was also known as Cordant Technologies Inc.
Taraji P. Henson starred in a 2012 American romantic comedy film.
United Nations has members including Slovenia.
Naomi Scott starred in a movie.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays football professionally.
The Carmichael Show has seasons.
Jorah Mormont is played by a Scottish actor of the stage.
Spain shares a border with Morocco.
Game of Thrones (season 3) is a fantasy.
Solange Knowles has an album called Solo Star.
Billy Clanton had a sibling.
Diana Ross was given the title of the most successful female performing artist of all time.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam and was a solo act.
J. K. Rowling had a child.
Drax the Destroyer was a character created by Jim Starlin.
Broadcast News is a 1987 film.
Devdas is the middle name of Gopalkrishna Gandhi.
Terminator Genisys is a film.
Victor Hugo was once a committed royalist.
Destiny came after Halo.
Lemon Sky ran in a city.
Clementine Chapel allows access to pilgrims.
Northeast megalopolis includes small urban centers.
Eminem is an artist.
Star Search was relaunched in 2003-04.
Colin Quinn's middle name is Edward.
Rupert Wyatt works with video.
Gong Yoo is best known by his pseudonym Gong Yoo.
James Bryant Conant criticized the education system in the United States.
Socrates did philosophy.
A fantasy film usually involves worlds.
Dumb and Dumber is a film released in 1994.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties.
Philosophy is included in International Relations.
Newcastle United F.C. has multiple sports awards like four League Championship titles, six FA Cups, a Charity Shield, a 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cups and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Amazon Web Services featured services for networking.
The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award has never been presented to a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Big Boi writes songs.
Naproxen is for pain relief.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for an award.
Thinkin Bout You is Grammy nominated in the year 2013.
Until Dawn is a game.
Kangana Ranaut won a Filmfare Critics Award.
The Olympic Games includes both a summer and winter games, each every 4 years.
Edge of Tomorrow was released in at least 35 territories in 2014.
Welcome Back (film) features an actor.
Dustin Hoffman has an acting career.
Recovery, by Eminem, was one of the best-selling albums of 2010 worldwide.
The Mummy is a horror movie.
Angela Lansbury received acclaim for her performance in The Manchurian Candidate.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is a 2010 drama film.
Saratoga is a romantic film.
The Mughal Empire had territory in a continent.
Courtney Love was a performer.
Paradigms of Human Memory was written by Chris Mckenna.
Hungarians have several subgroups, such as the Csángós people.
Gerard Butler has appeared on television.
Sherlock's first series became the UK's most watched drama series since 2001.
Sue Bird was picked first overall in the WNBA Draft of 2002.
Lil Wayne has released music.
Stephen Hawking suffers from motor neurone disease
Melissa McCarthy has starred in Spy.
Miranda Cosgrove is a person.
New England is located in the Western Hemisphere.
Christopher Marlowe is a writer of poetry.
Ken Russell was involved with the film Tommy.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are are anti-centromere antibodies.
Darth Vader works for the Empire.
Greenwich is centred 5.5 miles from Charing Cross.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces.
Beautiful was on the Billboard Hot 100.
Lucas is a film.
The Olympic 100 m and 200 m were won by Usain Bolt.
The Taj Mahal's centerpiece is a tomb.
Abraham Lincoln was rivals with Stephen A. Douglas during the 1850's.
Ed Sheeran is a singer-songwriter from England.
Nepal is a member of the SAARC.
Grace Jones played the character May Day.
Game of Thrones's third season premiered on March 31, 2013.
Sharon Tate starred in The Fearless Vampire Killers.
Colin Firth was nominated for an Academy Award.
George Lucas was the founder of a motion picture visual effects company.
Nigeria is in a continent.
Dogs have been selectively bred for physical attributes.
Columns are part of newspapers.
Kobe Bryant earned the Finals MVP Award in 2010.
Ubisoft, French company, was formerly known as Ubi Soft Entertainment Software.
Slovakia is a constituent of the OECD.
Wrath of the Titans grossed $305 million dollars.
Francis Ford Coppola is a screenwriter.
Sa Talaiassa is a mountain.
Arnold Vinick is played by Alan Alda on The West Wing.
Overwatch (video game) is incapable of being promoted with animated videos.
An Academy Award nominee for Best Visual Effects was Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
The American television show called Sonny with a Chance was on Disney Channel.
Madonna signed with Sire Records.
Radiohead pioneered release platforms.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work.
Malala Yousafzai advocates for the education of women in Pakistan.
Laura Prepon starred as Donna in That '70s Show.
Dumb and Dumber is an American comedy road film.
Kirk Douglas's professions include actor, producer, director, and author.
An American composed Everybody Needs a Best Friend.
Emily Blunt won the BAFTA award for British Artist of the Year in 2009.
Jackie Chan is a Cantopop star.
Frank Ocean is an American citizen.
Bradley Cooper is a person.
Dracula is a novel by an Irish author.
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the first episode of The Blacklist.
Argentinian Lionel Messi plays soccer professionally.
Titanic is a motion picture.
Ronin is a 1998 film.
Iron Fist is a web television series.
Richard Gere won a Screen Actors Guild award.
Benin's seat of government is in Cotonou, in the country's south.
Emily Browning acted in The Echo of Thunder.
J. Howard Marshall was a businessman and academic.
Selena Gomez was in Wizards of Waverly Place from 2007 to 2012.
Ed Sheeran is a singer-songwriter from England.
Galaxy Quest is a work.
Sociology is used to learn about society's origins.
Fences is a film.
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the fully restored movie palace at 6838 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Welcome Back (film) has an Indian actor, writer, and filmmaker.
Drama school offers Master of Fine Arts.
Kurt Sutter played motorcycle club leader Otto Delaney.
Ramadan is the ninth calendar month in Islam.
Venus and Earth have a similar proximity to the Sun.
Bali is between Java and Lombok via maritime borders.
James Stewart starred in Rope.
Didier Drogba was captain of the Ivory Coast national team.
David Carradine is a film actor.
Bryan Cranston played Walter White, the main character in the television series Breaking Bad, for several years.
Canada's official language is English.
Istanbul is a human settlement.
Tim Robbins was born on October 16, 1958.
Zooey Deschanel is a ukuleleist.
Egypt is a member of an organization.
Tim Henman plays tennis.
The New Adventures of Old Christine stars an American comedian.
Kenny Rogers is featured in the poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the first episode of The Blacklist.
Alandi is in India.
Buddhism has over 500 million followers.
Keith Urban is Australian.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by an Irish actor.
The lion is in the genus Panthera.
Zhou Enlai was instrumental in forming domestic policy.
The House of Lusignan was royal.
Chicago White Sox competes in the World Series.
Demi Lovato acted on Barney & Friends.
Bob Riley served as the 52nd Governor of Alabama.
Dwayne Wade started playing for the Bulls in 2016.
Helen Gardner lectured in Chicago.
Bridge of Spies was co-produced by a man.
The Supernatural pilot premiered on September 13, 2005.
Buddy Holly's style was influenced by gospel music.
Political drama is part of The West Wing.
Denial was released in the United States.
Law of value is an important idea in Karl Marx's criticism of political economy.
Toby Whithouse has written for Doctor Who.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
License to Drive stars Corey Feldman.
Dr. Dre produced a compilation album called Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath.
William Hanna was an artist.
Muhammad Ali was an athlete.
The Danish Girl is a film.
Dragon Ball has several soundtracks.
Thomas DeSimone was in a gang.
Reuters transmits news in Japanese.
Klute is an American film.
Wyatt Earp's first wife saw typhoid fever.
Heather Graham starred in films.
Budapest was involved in the Hungarian Revolution.
Elvis & Nixon stars Evan Peters.
Judd Apatow produced The Cable Guy.
Kate Nash has an album.
30 Seconds to Mars is a collection of songs.
Google was founded in the 90's.
Death in Paradise has received ratings.
The wendigo is a cannibal monster.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays football professionally.
Varun Dhawan has been nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
Ed Solomon was born on September 15, 1960.
Colin Firth was nominated for an award.
Toy Story 3 won an Oscar.
The Challenge had originally been called Road Rules: All Stars.
Hisense was given permission to sell a telecommunication medium in a place.
Captain America is a graphic novel.
Michael Bay produced A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Pregnancy symptoms include tender breasts.
Sean Connery won a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award and he is Scottish.
That '70s Show ended in May.
Jon Pertwee was in a series.
The United States Naval Academy is a service academy.
Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy produced Minions.
The Caracazo took place in Caracas and the surrounding towns.
Rachel McAdams was in the drama Perfect Pie.
Courtney Love is a person.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
SpaceX wants to transport astronauts to ISS and return them to Earth safely.
Down syndrome resulted in thousands of deaths in 2015.
Dunkirk (2017 film) was shot by the Swedish-Dutch cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema.
Overwatch is a first-person shooter video game.
Tanzania's government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction.
Jason Bateman was in a show.
Political drama is part of The West Wing.
Vikrant Massey acted in V The Serial.
Victor Hugo was once a committed royalist.
Ashley Judd is involved in national humanitarian efforts.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Kathy Bates received the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Jeff Bezos founded the website Amazon.com.
Shia LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
The Fosters is a television show.
Rear Window (1998 film) stars Daryl Hannah and Christopher Reeves.
Lily James appeared in a work.
Trinidad and Tobago is the place of birth of Nicki Minaj.
Lymph nodes are major sites of white blood cells.
Psychology seeks to understand individuals and groups within society.
Alice in Wonderland had Helena Bonham Carter in it.
Ajay Devgn is a Bollywood actor.
By the immunization of the mother, cerebral palsy is partly preventable.
Leonardo da Vinci's inventions are displayed as working models at a museum.
Tiger Woods has competed in a tournament.
Outkast is composed of two people.
One person who transitioned to female is Jazz Jennings.
Anne Hathaway played Mia Thermopolis.
John Constantine has his own movie.
Giada De Laurentiis has helped host an NBC show.
The President of Russia can convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly.
Alec Baldwin was the winner of seven SAG Awards for 30 Rock.
Since the 1950s, Istanbul's population has grown in number.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a fictional person created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
1.7% of water can be found in glaciers and ice caps.
Roger Federer plays sports.
Andre Agassi is not a tennis player.
John Constantine got his own comic in 1988.
Chris Terrio was born on December 31, 1976.
50 First Dates is a 2004 film.
Selma Blair stars in Legally Blonde.
No Escape had sneak previews in the Philippines.
Cedric Yarbrough has been in a Comedy Central television show.
Jeff Perry is from America.
Liev Schreiber made appearances in many independent films.
Syd Barrett contributed to The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
Adderall shares a lot of chemical properties with the human trace amines.
Renaissance art involved Florence.
Shania Twain plays music.
Mark Hamill is an American.
The internet is composed of private, public, academic, business, and government networks.
Celeste and Jesse Forever was co-written by an actress.
Colin Quinn is an American actor.
Ringo Starr experienced two life-threatening illnesses during childhood.
The French Open is also called Roland-Garros, the name of a stadium.
Geraldine Chaplin was a person with a professional vocation.
Take a Bow is a single work of music.
Canada is a developed country.
Bahrain is an archipelago.
Count Basie took his group to a city for at least one recording.
Guitar is an instrument played by Slash.
Stagira had at least two shrines.
Teenage suicide was addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
The Fifth Element was the highest-grossing French movie in the international box office until the release of The Intouchables.
Christopher Lee was a film actor.
Cheyenne Jackson was in a 2006 biographical drama-thriller movie.
To Die For features an appearance by David Cronenberg.
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 film.
My Summer of Love is a film.
J. Howard Marshall was a businessman and academic.
London is a global city.
Trevor Noah is the host of The Daily Show.
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction.
Cleopatra's legacy lives on in a play by George Bernard Shaw.
Francis Ford Coppola is an American.
Jacinda Barret changed careers.
Toy Story 3 won an Oscar.
Heikegani is a species of decapod crustacean from Japan.
Katharine Hepburn works in the entertainment industry.
Tim Rice worked on King David with Alan Menken.
The Netherlands has a city named The Hague.
The name Minneapolis is attributed to the city's first schoolteacher.
Shawn Michaels serves as an ambassador.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of the comedy 3 Idiots.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player who was the singles world No. 1.
Ronin starred at least one actor.
Humanz was released in a year later than 2010.
International Relations includes many subject matters.
California Gurls was recorded by an American singer Katy Perry.
Gemma Arterton performed in the 2013 film Byzantium.
The Falling stars Maisie Williams.
Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin has test projects.
Vikrant Massey acted in Qubool Hai.
James Mangold has yet to direct a superhero film.
The Aegean Sea is connected to the Black Sea.
Rajon Rondo is a four-time NBA All-Star as well as a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member.
Bryan Cranston played Walter White, the main character in the television series Breaking Bad, for several years.
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo is a person.
Lonesome Dove was the winner of two Golden Globe Awards.
Paul Pogba is a sports player.
The Guest stars Leland Orser.
Ed Solomon is a producer.
Mauritius has a low ranking democracy.
The Walt Disney Company owns ESPN.
The X Factor is a singing competition in the UK.
The Girl on the Train is a mystery movie.
William R. Tolbert Jr. was murdered in a coup d'état.
Justified was a candidate for an award.
True Blood is set in Bon Temps.
Don Henley has released albums.
Delta Air Lines is a carrier.
One Direction is a musical group.
James Blake (musician) has released work under the moniker Harmonimix.
Ben Affleck starred in The Voyage of Mimi.
The 1983-84 NBA season ended with the Los Angeles Lakers losing.
Taiwan has an official name.
Beautiful won a Grammy award.
John Heard won an award at the Emmys.
Philadelphia is home to the first U.S. medical school, founded in 1765.
Funny or Die produces a show.
Tim Rice collaborated with a composer.
Brandon Lee was killed in an accident.
Laurence Olivier played in Romeo and Juliet.
FC Barcelona has won World titles in soccer.
There Will Be Blood is a British drama movie.
Payton Manning missed the entire 2011 fall season.
The Land Before Time's director was Don Bluth.
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn.
Horrible Bosses is based on a story by the film's writer.
London was the largest city in the EU in 2015.
Gary Ridgway is American.
Gary Ridgway was a criminal.
A Nightmare on Elm Street was produced by an American production company.
Conor McGregor is a man.
The English Civil War's Parliamentarians were also known as a different name.
Maggie Gyllenhaal played a role.
The Right Stuff was adapted from a book.
Will Turner is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in the 1960s.
Russ has a song titled "What They Want".
Eurojust is also misnomer-ed capitalised as EUROJUST.
David Beckham has children.
Scotland contains over 790 islands.
The Strangers is a horror film from 2008.
Unleashed is a movie.
Ray Milland worked with a studio.
Ethan Hawke has starred in critically acclaimed films.
The Champ is an American film.
Cindy McCain is the wife of American John McCain.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
Kris Kristofferson was a person.
Minneapolis possesses thirteen lakes.
Fox is what Glee was aired on.
Big Bang won 3 awards in Japan.
Queen Victoria's offspring became King of the United Kingdom.
The biggest ethnic groups in Iraq are Arabs and Kurds.
John Denver sang about Colorado numerous times.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features members of at least one rock band.
Nicole Kidman performs in films.
Kangana Ranaut trained under a theatre director.
Taal was a film that was directed by Subhash Ghai.
David Carradine is a film actor.
Kristofer Hivju was born in 1978.
G-Dragon is an artist.
Usain Bolt was in the 2008 Olympics.
The Olympic 100 m and 200 m were won by Usain Bolt.
Hugo Weaving voiced Rex.
Silicon Valley is a place.
Paul Newman, American road racer, has won several national championships as a racer.
The New Adventures of Old Christine stars an American comedian.
Get Weird is the name of Little Mix's third album.
Melanie Griffith was in an American action comedy film.
The Supernatural pilot got its premiere on The WB.
Quentin Tarantino wrote and directed My Best Friend's Birthday.
Michelangelo did sculptures.
Diego Luna is a performer.
John Lennon moved to a place.
Jared Leto has directed three videos.
Scotland contains over 790 islands.
Logic has a gold record.
Joan Crawford was a dancer.
Love Aaj Kal is produced by Dinesh Vijan and Saif Ali Khan.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) failed to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Colin Quinn is an American actor.
Katharine Hepburn works in the entertainment industry.
The Lion King is a film.
The Portuguese Empire was an empire in world history.
Gerald Ford was a presidential candidate in 1976.
Lynyrd Skynyrd has a lead vocalist.
Attack the Block was written by a man.
Nanotechnology is on a molecular scale.
Music Bank (TV series) has had Ji Sung as a host.
Heather Watson is a tennis player.
Milla Jovovich played the lead role in Return to the Blue Lagoon in 1991.
Alicia Vikander was a ballet dancer.
Zinedine Zidane won an online poll.
The Wizard of Oz is a production.
David Beckham is a professional football player.
Neil Armstrong went to space.
Lee Child hails from the United Kingdom.
In & Out is an American comedic film.
Grace Kelly was in Dial M for Murder.
Buddy Holly was a musician and a singer-songwriter in a band.
Kong: Skull Island stars Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, and Jing Tian.
That '70s Show is a sitcom.
Mr. Freeze first appeared in a Batman comic.
The ability to search telephone records without court order will be granted to the FBI from the Patriot Act.
An Academy-Award winning documentary film was made about Al Gore.
Aaliyah titled her second album One in a Million.
Steven Tyler plays more than one instrument.
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling is a women's professional wrestling promotion.
Starbucks was founded in 1971.
Borrelia afzelli is part of the spirochete phylum.
Robert Duvall won the National Medal of Arts in 2005.
Paul Walker was an American man.
Ruth Negga was born in the 80s.
Dwayne Johnson works a part-time contract for WWE.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties.
Steve Coogan acted in The Look of Love.
Hayden Panettiere starred as Sheryl Yoast in Remember the Titans.
Lahore is the place where one can find the Shalimar Gardens.
Bhagat Singh was a movie role performed by Ajay Devgn.
Marilyn Monroe was an orphan.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is an album.
Just Dance is a song.
Jon Huntsman Jr. became a White House staff assistant in the 1980s.
Writing is an action performed by Bob Dylan.
The New York Times was founded in New York City.
Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate.
Margot Kidder portrayed a character on R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour.
Felicity Jones stars in Rogue One.
Hypothyroidism can cause poor ability to tolerate heat.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed Boogie Nights in 1997.
Rachel McAdams was in Slings and Arrows.
Michael Jackson was a dominant figure in popular music in the early 1980s.
Red was inspired by a comic book series written by two people.
The gray wolf has a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is an American superhero movie.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers commissioned Leslie Groves.
Sarah Palin was a governor.
Logic is from a North American country.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in Los Angeles in 1983.
Lithuania's capital, and largest city, is Vilnius.
Anne Hathaway starred in Tom Hooper's Les Misérables as Fantine.
Sigmund Freud's work has suffused contemporary Western thought and pop culture.
The United States Congress possesses 535 voting people.
Minneapolis possesses thirteen lakes.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has favorable music soundtracks.
Iran is a sovereign state.
Columns are part of newspapers.
Over four Champions Leagues have been won by FC Barcelona.
No Reservations features Bob Balaban.
Ministates include San Marino in Europe.
Marie Antoinette is a parent.
Las Vegas's population growth has increased revenue.
Rumi's influence transcends national borders.
Alex Rodriguez received criticism from the media.
Socrates was a classical philosopher from Athens.
Nickelodeon has programs targeted at kids aged 0-7.
Robert Chase worked under a fictional character Gregory House.
Equidae is a family.
Taiwan is a state in East Asia.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a show.
Reporter was a job held by Sunny Leone.
Willie Nelson is a writers of songs.
Kingdom Hearts III is developed by Square Enix.
Cupid (2009 TV series) is a comedy-drama.
David Beckham was a footballer in England.
Brad Paisley was in the Grand Ole Pry.
Noam Chomsky studied at Harvard University.
Papua New Guinea has land in Melanesia.
Anna Paquin performed a role in a film by Jane Campion.
42 (film) is an American film that received positive promotional reviews.
World War II included a military campaign in North Africa.
Batman: The Killing Joke was penned by Alan Moore.
The Titanic's wreck is gradually disintegrating in a museum.
Michael C. Hall won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
The Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in a country.
Dangerously in Love sold 317,000 digital copies in its first week.
Metallica made the album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct.
Ariana Grande lent her voice to animated works.
Zeus is a god.
Bats are of the order Chiroptera.
Aishwarya Rai has one female child.
John Lennon was a screenwriter.
Naproxen is for pain relief.
Joseph Barbera's middle name is Roland.
Jerry Lewis is an actor.
Matt Kuchar is an American golfer.
Shawn Michaels serves as an ambassador.
Richard Gere starred in a film.
Supernatural is a fantasy series.
Yale School of Drama was first founded in the year 1924.
Harry Potter is based on novels.
Mike Judge is a person.
Unpredictable featured an artist.
Kris Wu is a Chinese-born Canadian.
50 First Dates was worked on by Peter Segal.
Shahid Kapoor is an award-ceremony host.
A Game of Thrones is fictional story.
Love & Mercy (film) stars an actor.
Theodore Roosevelt thought about running for president in 1920.
Rebecca Hall was nominated for a Golden Globe for her part in Vicky Christina Barcelona.
Alec Baldwin appeared in two films directed by an American director.
Claire Danes received four Golden Globe Awards.
Game of Thrones (season 3) takes place in Westeros.
The Black Dahlia was written by a man.
Kiefer Sutherland appeared in The Bay Boy (1984).
Dwayne Johnson works for WWE.
The Bulls were in the 1991 NBA playoffs.
Daft Punk is a duo.
Snowpiercer is co-written by a New Yorker.
Humanz is by a band.
William Shatner was featured as attorney Denny Crane.
Soundgarden signed to a major label.
Scarlett Johansson was in multiple films.
Kris Wu starred in several #1 box office hits.
Sarcoidosis is described as a non-painful skin disease.
Futurama is a science fiction animated series on Cartoon Network.
Katy Perry made a contract with Red Hill Records.
Bowie's music draws from industrial and jungle styles.
War Dogs stars an actor.
A Thousand Suns was not recorded at NRG Recording Studios.
Edward VIII's term began in 1936.
The Avengers (2012 film) features Robert Downey Jr.
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System is a console.
Ted Kaczynski sent a letter to a newspaper.
Batman Begins is considered one of the best superhero films.
Underworld is a movie.
Soundgarden was a band.
Christian Bale acted in multiple Batman films.
Alexandra Burke is British.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is a former Belgian colony.
Quentin Tarantino made the movie Reservoir Dogs.
Octopuses expel ink into the water as an escape mechanism.
Sportsman of the Year has been awarded to Michael Schumacher.
George Best has been labelled as "the greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland."
Cara Delevingne portrayed Margo Roth Spiegelman in Paper Towns (2015).
Splash starred Tom Hanks and John Candy.
Kobe Bryant was awarded the regular season's MVP Award in the 21st century.
Lauren Graham received one Golden Globe nomination.
Man of Steel (film) was directed by Zack Snyder.
The Portuguese Empire is also referred to as The Portuguese Overseas.
One series is Boardwalk Empire.
None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
Ayn Rand supported capitalism.
Google has received significant criticism for censorship issues.
Texas was once ruled by another country.
One producer is Lupe Fiasco.
Adele is from London, England.
Radiohead has used pay-what-you-want.
Tessanne Chin is best known for winning The Voice.
Lady Gaga is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
The Hellenic goddess of wild animals was called Artemis.
Russell Brand is an English comedian.
Clarice Starling is a The Silence of the Lambs character.
Star Trek (film series) have received 15 award nominations.
The United States has over 324 million people.
Stanley Kubrick directed a movie that starred Jack Nicholson.
Underworld stars an actress.
Dirt (TV Series) is a program.
Short Term 12 is a film categorized as a drama.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious outcast.
Tina Turner released at least nine solo albums.
Romelu Lukaku won a championship.
Mother Teresa received a prize.
Paulo Dybala is a person from Argentina.
Texas was once ruled by another country.
Davis Entertainment's divisions develop and produce television projects.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Fifth Harmony has members.
Several models starred in The Twilight Saga.
Ted Bundy committed murders.
George Washington was a politician.
George VI was succeeded by his eldest female child.
The South Wales Valleys are in Wales.
The United States Naval Academy is mixed-sex.
Breaking Bad's crew include Bob Odenkirk.
Twelve actors have played the Doctor.
Francis Ford Coppola is a screenwriter.
The Wicked Witch of the West was created by the author L. Frank Baum.
Metallica made the album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct.
Jackie Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Belgium is 41% French-speaking.
Galaxy Quest is a work.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was in the forties.
Dumb and Dumber stars an award-winning actor.
A planet is Venus.
Tori Kelly is a vocalist.
William McKinley was a person involved in professional politics.
See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was remixed by an American record team.
Nocturnal Animals is a film.
Led Zeppelin II is a rock album.
Courtney Love is an actor.
Brentwood is located in a country.
Dogstar (band) performed at the Glastonbury Festival.
Azerbaijan is part of the Muslim world.
In 2011, the Writers Guild of America gave Steven Zaillian an award.
Transformers (film) is a science fiction film.
Miley Cyrus cultivated a type of image.
Anne Hathaway won an award.
The American television show called Sonny with a Chance was on Disney Channel.
Paul Bettany is married to a film actress.
The Breakfast Club is a film.
One producer is Lupe Fiasco.
Frank Sinatra toured the United States.
Andy Warhol is creative.
An Academy Award nominee for Best Visual Effects was Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Frank Sinatra has been the winner of an Academy Award.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work.
Live Your Life is by an American.
Tropic Thunder was written by a person.
The New York Times is declining.
Mr. Freeze is an enemy of Batman.
Mark Ruffalo is an American film producer.
Tommy Chong has Canadian and American citizenship.
The internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks.
DJ Khaled assisted in the hip-hop albums.
Courteney Cox played Monica Geller on Friends.
John Lennon was English from Liverpool.
Heather Graham starred in films.
A novel is the basis for which the story for War of the Worlds was written.
Slovakia joined the Eurozone in 2009.
Nepal is a South Asian country.
Saskatchewan had an estimated population of 1,114,170 in December of 2013.
Caroline Blakiston stars in a Star Wars movie.
Sherlock's first series became the UK's most watched drama series since 2001.
Abraham Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy.
Paris Hilton is an American citizen.
Amy Poehler was a participant of a comedic group.
Chris Hardwick is a comedian.
Meryl Streep is an actress.
Avril Lavigne is a North American.
Lipstick Under My Burkha has audio pornography as well as sexual scenes.
Emmy Rossum had a prominent role in An American Rhapsody (2001).
Rafael Nadal is from Europe.
Edward VIII's term began in 1936.
Christopher Columbus encountered Central America.
Marie Antoinette is a parent.
Renaissance art involved Florence.
Winona Ryder was a cast member of a movie.
The Nintendo Switch is a video game console that uses Joy-Con wireless controllers.
The United States was included in the 19th G7 summit.
Daniel Craig went to school in London.
Rick and Morty's creators are Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon.
Bulgaria was in both world wars.
Steven Soderbergh won an award.
Paris Hilton is an American citizen.
Buddy Holly's style was influenced by gospel music.
Purple Haze was released in 1967.
Red is a film that was released in 2010.
Tiger Woods won The Silver Medal at The Open Championship.
Formula One holds racing events all over the world.
Albania is a part of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
MS Dhoni is a cricket player.
The Catalyst is by American rock band Linkin Park.
Triple H is a professional wrestler from America.
William Jennings Bryan served at least one term as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Dhool is an action film.
Arrested Development follows the fictitious Bluth family.
The Eagles released their third album in 1974.
A major film studio is Fox.
Odin is from Norse Mythology.
None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
Minneapolis was at one time, the world's flour milling capital.
David Beckham won the Premier League title.
The Academy Awards are overseen by AMPAS.
Just Dance was premiered in 2008.
The Black Dahlia is a film.
Colin Quinn's middle name is Edward.
Janeane Garofalo is included in Duane Hopwood.
Oliver Reed was born in a month in 1938.
The Last House on the Left is a motion picture.
Joan of Arc became a symbol of the Catholic League in the 16th century.
The Man in the High Castle takes place in 1962.
The Big Trail stars John Wayne.
Janeane Garofalo is included in Duane Hopwood.
Logic has a gold record.
Cate Blanchett is an actress.
Philip V of Spain was a member of a European royal house.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
John Lennon was from England.
War Dogs stars an actor.
Ellen Burstyn was nominated for five Emmy Awards and seven Golden Globes.
Erich von Manstein was released prematurely from a 12 year prison sentence in 1953.
Kurt Angle has twice won the King of the Mountain match.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed by a Scottish stage actor.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed by a Scottish stage actor.
Black Mirror is a British television show.
Ad-Rock is married to Kathleen Hanna.
Abraham Lincoln spoke out against something.
Dhoom 3 signifies Blast 3 in English.
Robert Duvall starred in numerous shows.
James Blake (musician) released his third film The Colour in Anything in 2016.
Russell Brand is an English comedian.
Joy is a film.
Thank Me Later is the name of a Drake album.
Above the Law was released in 1988.
New York contains Niagara Falls in the north.
Billy Clanton has stolen something.
Filmfare is a magazine the size of a tabloid.
Borrelia afzelli is part of the spirochete phylum.
Joaquin Phoenix played a supporting role in Quills.
University of Oxford is in the world.
Adam Driver was in a film.
Ballet Shoes was published in the 20th century.
George W. Bush's brother is Jeb Bush.
Cracks's had its theatrical release in UK and Ireland.
Nice & Slow appears on an album.
The exact function of Huntington's disease is unknown.
Andre Agassi won all four Grand Slam tournaments on hard, clay, and grass surfaces.
Interpersonal psychotherapy is heavily based on regular personal interaction.
Kris Wu starred in several #1 box office hits.
Tyler, The Creator was born in March.
Gang Signs & Prayer is an album by a recording artist in the grime music genre.
Rabat is a capital city.
R. Madhavan produced a film.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2008.
Guitar is an instrument played by Slash.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia for eighteen years.
An actor won an Academy Award for Crash.
Lexmark is a Chinese-owned corporation based in America.
Cheyenne Jackson was in a 2006 biographical drama-thriller movie.
Robert Browning wrote poetry.
Venus and Earth have a similar proximity to the Sun.
Mel Brooks has three of his films ranked on the list for the American Film Institute .
Adam West was born in a month.
George H. W. Bush was an American Republican politician born June 12, 1924.
Haitian Creole is a linguistic structure spoken by 9.6 to 12 million humans.
Aishwarya Rai has one female child.
Life Is Peachy is an album in the nu metal genre.
River Pheonix is involved in films.
Ben Kingsley's work has extended over 40 years.
Babe Ruth was a professional Major League baseball player.
Abigail Breslin is a woman.
Drama school offers a degree.
Twitter had more than 100 million users in winter of 2012.
Dominick Dunne was a journalist.
Try was recorded by an artist.
To Kill a Mockingbird has themes of racial injustice and destruction of innocence.
For his work on 30 Rock, Alec Baldwin won two Emmy Awards.
The Martian is a 2015 big science fiction film.
John Nash built the Brighton.
Laura Linney was nominated for Tony Awards for The Crucible, Sight Unseen, Time Stands Still, and The Little Foxes.
Napoleon commanded his first military campaign at age 26.
Colin Quinn is an American stand-up comedian.
Keanu Reeves was the prince in a production of Hamlet.
Robert Lee Yates killed thirteen women.
A capital was where the Caracazo took place.
Tom Cruise was in a science fiction psychological thriller film.
Water occurs in nature.
Charlie Chaplin had a parent.
Sarcoidosis is a disease.
Keanu Reeves was the prince in a production of Hamlet.
Jimmy Carter led the international boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
Bali is north of Australia.
Steve Coogan starred as Paul Raymond in The Look of Love.
The Los Angeles Lakers won more than 30 consecutive games.
How to Be is a film.
Papua New Guinea has land in Melanesia.
Live Your Life was released in Britain.
Kate & Leopold is a film.
Muhammad Ali was an athlete.
Eleveneleven is a company.
Bruce Willis is an American actor.
In the 1960's, George Tuska worked on Iron Man comics.
FC Barcelona's leader was Joan Gamper.
Planet of the Apes was based on Pierre Boulle's 1963 science fiction novel of the same name.
Octopuses expel ink into the water as an escape mechanism.
The Chainsmokers released the number-one song Closer.
Lust for Life is a film.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's breakthrough film as an actor was released in 1982.
Limbu language is spoken by people.
Samuel Witwer is from the Western Hemisphere.
Robert Duvall won the National Medal of Arts in 2005.
La La Anthony played a character named Sonia in a work directed by Tim Story.
Havoc is a film.
Tony Blair was elected after a politician's sudden death.
Journey was once named the fifth-best American rock band by USA Today.
Naproxen relieves ailments.
Texas has piney woods.
Ryan O'Neal was born in the 1940s.
Up All Night was released by a record label.
Indian was chosen the Best Foreign Language Film in 1996.
Judy Garland was awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Woody Harrelson was featured in Friends with Benefits.
Christopher Marlowe is a person.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative work.
Supernatural is a fantasy series.
Yelp expanded throughout at least one continent.
Marie Curie was trained in science.
My Bloody Valentine 3D features Jensen Ackles in a lead role.
Joy is a film.
Sarah Palin was a governor.
Tipper Gore was born in August 1948.
Jennifer Grey was born in the U.S.
Brad Bird pitched The Incredibles.
Tamera Mowry portrayed a character.
Believe is an album.
Saint Peter was ordained by Jesus according to Catholic teaching.
Whoopi Goldberg co-produced a show.
Ad-Rock is married to Kathleen Hanna.
Saw VI is a movie in the Saw franchise.
Ludacris has won a Critic's Choice award.
Born This Way discusses self-empowerment.
Queen Victoria's son belonged to a house.
7 Things is a song by actress and singer Miley Cyrus.
Jerry Seinfeld is a director.
The Hunger Games is set in a dystopian society.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel V.
Destiny was released on September 9, 2014.
Caitlyn Jenner changed her gender.
Coldplay is a group.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars an American actor born in 1972.
Game of Thrones (season 3) takes place in Westeros.
Colin Powell was the 65th US Secretary of State.
A producer of Spider-Man 3 was an Israeli-American businessman.
Venus Williams is one of the best female tennis players.
Furia is written by a filmmaker.
Lady Gaga wrote songs as an occupation.
Caroline Blakiston stars in a Star Wars movie.
John Constantine got his own comic in 1988.
Pan Am premiered on an American television network known as ABC.
Tom Felton has an acting career.
Felicity Huffman is an actress on stage.
Led Zeppelin II was released by Atlantic Records in 1969.
Peyton Manning played football.
Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy.
Splash was written by two people.
The Void was first shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest.
Lamniformes include some of the most familiar species of sharks.
Dogstar (band) released two albums.
Land Rover makes the Defender.
Joey Graceffa is American.
Connaught Tunnel replaced a previous routing.
Baloo was featured in The Second Jungle Book.
Robbie Collin studied a branch of philosophy.
Michael McCullers worked with Americans.
Joan of Arc became a symbol of the Catholic League in the 16th century.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Jimmy Carter is an American.
Eleveneleven was founded by an American comedian.
Michael Jackson was a dominant figure in popular music in the early 1980s.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of crime detective fiction.
Kingdom Hearts III is developed by Square Enix.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by funk.
Grand Ole Pry hosted Patsy Cline.
Sean Connery won a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award and he is Scottish.
Gujarat has a coastline.
Sarcoidosis is a disease.
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs.
Gwen Stefani works as a fashion designer.
The U.S. mainland is connected to Goat Island.
Dave Franco stars in the movie Neighbors.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a female actor.
Adele is from London, England.
Prison Break was nominated for Favorite New TV Drama.
Bob Dylan has been admitted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was named one of the Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America by Gallup.
Douglas Aircraft Company and McDonnell Aircraft formed McDonnell Douglas.
Lust for Life is based on a 1934 novel.
Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati hosts 18.25 million visitors per year.
Eazy-E's group released their first single in 1987.
Ramayanam is a Telugu film.
Loving tells the story of the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia, which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage.
O. J. Simpson has been charged with more than one felony.
Christopher Lee was a film actor.
George W. Bush's brother is Jeb Bush.
Jerry Goldsmith collaborated with Paul Verhoeven.
The Celtic F.C. is based out of Glasgow.
James Bryant Conant criticized the education system in the United States.
Amsterdam has high growth rate within the city Proper.
Paul Mantee has worked with movie director Byron Haskin.
Joan Cusack worked with Matt Dillon and she is American.
Thailand is not a constitutional monarchy.
The Twilight Zone is an anthology series.
Attack the Block was written by a man.
Adrianne Palicki turned down a supporting role in John Wick.
Radioactive received at least two nominations.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of a movie.
Lightning rod are called air terminals.
Anton Yelchin performed in the late 1990s.
Tiger Woods collected $486,000 for winning a golf tournament.
Judy Greer has appeared in multiple films.
Hayden Panettiere starred in a drama.
Prison Break has more than one season.
The internet does not contain both local and global networks.
George Foreman was rated as the eighth greatest heavyweight of all time by the IBRO.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces.
Katherine Heigl appeared in a science fiction television series.
Google was founded in the 90's.
Imperial is a county in Southern California.
Timber is by Pitbull.
Francis Ford Coppola does screenwriting.
Patrick Wilson (American actor) acted in the second season of Fargo.
Dwayne Johnson works part-time for WWE.
Star Wars is a franchise from the United States.
The Great Waldo Pepper had Margot Kidder in its cast.
Bertrand Russell's work has had a great deal of influence on set theory.
Role Models stars Jane Lynch.
Marie Curie was a person.
Shia LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination.
Melanie Griffith is a television actress.
WALL-E won a Golden Globe Award.
David Tennant portrayed the Tenth Doctor on Doctor Who.
Alternative release platforms have been pioneered by Radiohead.
Adrian Molina has worked on animated films.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia's second season aired on August 4, 2005.
Rajon Rondo is a defensive basketball player.
Alicia Keys debuted in a movie.
Emma is an adaptation of an 1815 novel.
Asteroid Day was co-founded by Grigorij Richters.
What a Girl Wants earned a gold certification in Belgium.
Jennifer Aniston is an American citizen.
Red is a film that was released in 2010.
Tyra Banks was a model.
Elizabeth II conducted a state visit.
Ted Kaczynski produced a manifesto.
Funny or Die produces a show.
One World Trade Center is tall.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in a TV show.
Cher is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop.
On October 31, 1969, Led Zeppelin II was released in the United Kingdom.
Chester Bennington is an actor.
The Fifth Element was the highest-grossing French movie in the international box office until the release of The Intouchables.
Taal was romantic.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by American actor Sean Patrick Flanery.
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film.
California Gurls was recorded by an American singer Katy Perry.
Glenn Close made her debut in a 1974 play.
Justin Bieber's fourth album came out in 2015.
Northeast megalopolis includes small urban centers.
Malcolm Young was a songwriter.
Bruce Lee was in movies.
Marion Cotillard achieved recognition.
Lily James appeared in television roles.
Jim Carrey was in the main cast of Mr. Popper's Penguins.
Get Weird is the name of Little Mix's third album.
Madonna released an album in 1983.
Steffi Graf was highly ranked during her career.
The Guest stars Leland Orser.
Laurence Fishburne acted in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice.
The Lion King's main character is a lion named Simba.
Blake Edwards started as a performer.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor born on June 4.
Symptoms of measles eventually spread to the whole body.
Ruth Negga has appeared in a horror film.
Dennis Hopper acted in America.
David Schwimmer graduated from a university based in Evanston, Illinois.
Paul Pogba is a sports player.
Richard Harris's date of birth was October 1, 1930.
Gemma Arterton performed in the 2013 film Byzantium.
Emily Blunt is British.
Hot was by a British pop singer.
Chris Brown did a duet with Jordin Sparks.
Ecuador borders Colombia to the north.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi is someone who was the 22nd person to govern a place.
The Permanent Court of Arbitration is hosted in the Netherlands.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam.
The brown bear is listed as a least concern species.
Frank is in the form of a studio album.
Portia de Rossi starred in Nip/Tuck.
George A. Romero directed The Crazies.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for The Lion King.
Robert Chase worked under a fictional character Gregory House.
The Beach Boys was a rock band from America.
The Great Waldo Pepper had Margot Kidder in its cast.
Logic was born in January 1990.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia.
Ben Affleck starred in The Voyage of Mimi.
Varun Dhawan has been nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
Boston had the first subway system in the United States.
Arnold Vinick is played by Alan Alda on The West Wing.
Trolls is a musical romantic comedy adventure film.
Robin appeared in DC comic books.
Kobe Bryant was in the NBA.
Reds is a 1981 film.
Klute was directed by an American film director, writer and producer.
Will Ferrell was employed on a series created by Lorne Michaels.
Queen Victoria's mother was Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.
Albany, New York, is one of the oldest surviving settlements in America.
In 2005 T-Pain released an album.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as financial assets.
Rock music originated as rock and roll in the early 50's in the United States.
Hilda Ellis Davidson began life on October 1st, 1914.
Stephen Rider acted in the series Lucky 7.
Conor McGregor is a man.
Emmy Rossum had a major role in a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama movie.
See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was remixed by an American record team.
Halle Berry acted in Monster's Ball and modeled for Revlon.
Prison Break was nominated for Favorite New TV Drama.
Quentin Tarantino made the movie Reservoir Dogs.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor born on June 4.
Luke Evans has played Dracula.
Conan O'Brien hosts a late-night talk show in the United States.
Moscow has museums.
Minions had two directors.
Thinkin Bout You was nominated for Record of the Year.
Overwatch was developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.
Allure is a women's magazine.
Hate is practiced by a Hate group against a sexual orientation.
Betty Buckley has been nominated for a Tony Award.
Sofia Coppola acted in a drama film based on a novel.
Gorillaz play hip hop music.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for Transformers.
William McKinley passed away in 1901.
Despicable Me was animated by Mac Guff.
Abraham Lincoln was rivals with Stephen A. Douglas during the 1850's.
A Game of Thrones is fictional story.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the iOS operating system.
Rumi's influence transcends national borders.
Bradford contains a museum.
Coldplay is from Britain.
Dwayne Johnson was cut during the 1995 season.
Joan Crawford was a dancer.
Josh Friedman wrote The Black Dahlia.
Nikola Tesla was a futurist.
Kumkum Bhagya is an Indian soap opera.
Belgium is 41% French-speaking.
Tender Mercies is a film from the 1980's.
A central venous catheter is also referred to as a central line.
The Caracazo had victims.
The Boston Celtics won the 1983-84 season.
Dolly Parton was in the cast of the movie The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates.
William Shatner played T. J. Hooker in the show T. J. Hooker.
Chris Pratt portrayed Star-Lord in the 2014 film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Blue Velvet stars an actor.
John Cena is a Royal Rumble Winner for 2008.
John Mayer was birthed in the state of Connecticut.
Entertainment takes place in Las Vegas.
Just Dance is a song.
Essays are published by Midwestern Gothic.
Dirt was created by a person.
Maya Rudolph appeared in a film.
The Divergent Series is in the fantasy genre.
Kick-Ass was released after 2000.
Spain is a sovereign state.
Doctor Zhivago's protagonist is a physician and poet.
Jennifer Aniston is married to actor and writer Justin Theroux.
Emily Ratajkowski sang in an ad for an upscale automobile brand during the Super Bowl.
Reds was co-written by the movie's director.
Chris Brown collaborated with a rapper.
Belgium is almost half French-speaking.
Thirteen is based on Nikki Reed's difficult life at age 12 and 13.
The Catalyst is a single by Linkin Park.
Night Visions is the name of an album by Imagine Dragons.
Azerbaijan has a high rate of something.
Dennis Hopper had an acting career.
The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award has never been presented to a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Animal Farm is included in Time's All-Time 100 Novels selection.
Abraham Lincoln spoke out against something.
Donnie Wahlberg plays Danny Reagan.
Slovakia is a constituent of the OECD.
Joaquin Phoenix has a career in acting.
Frank Sinatra starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
An unincorporated territory of the United States is Puerto Rico.
Evolution is a studio album.
The Last House on the Left is a film.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) became part of The CW's schedule.
Red blood cell formation is assisted by the presence of Vitamin B-12.
Miley Cyrus writes songs.
War Dogs features Ana de Armas.
Central America contains Belize.
Leslie Groves was the fourth graduated in his class.
Joaquin Phoenix played a supporting role in Quills.
Sarrainodu translates in Telugu to "The Right Person".
Adrien Broner was ranked fifth best boxer in the world by The Ring magazine.
Ronin starred Jonathan Pryce.
Braveheart won five awards.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies by marketing directly at middle-aged housewives.
The Los Angeles Lakers won five championships in nine years.
Jimmy Carter led the international boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
Justin Timberlake made an appearance on Star Search.
Syd Barrett founded Pink Floyd.
The Hangover Part III stars Ed Helms.
The Caracazo began in February.
The Wayans Bros. is a television show on the WB.
Clarence Thomas was raised in the state of Georgia.
The second season of the American television show Sonny with a Chance premiered on March 14th, 2010.
Mauritius was a British colony.
Jim Parsons stars in The Big Bang Theory.
Gary Ridgway was a criminal.
Interpersonal psychotherapy is heavily based on regular personal interaction.
Ice is a form of water.
Asteroid Day was co-founded by Grigorij Richters.
Major League Soccer playoffs involves 12 teams competing against each other.
The Syrian Desert covers parts of northeastern Jordan.
The Place Beyond the Pines is an American crime drama film.
Juliette Binoche worked with André Téchiné.
Twelve actors have played the Doctor.
A mole is a structure.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's greatest roles.
Francis Ford Coppola does screenwriting.
David Angell produced sitcoms.
A Nightmare on Elm Street was produced by an American production company.
Game of Thrones (season 3) is a fantasy.
Canada was claimed by the British.
The blue whale's body is the biggest in the world.
Unforgettable is directed by debut director Denise Di Novi.
Seth MacFarlane is an actor.
Farrah Fawcett took an Emmy Award nomination for her role as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed.
That '70s Show is a show that aired on the network FOX.
Vallejo, California is in Solano County within California.
Logan (film) is a film directed by an American film and television director.
Christianity is a system of beliefs and practices.
Home Alone was made in America.
Paul Rudd stars in Role Models.
A 2010 movie directed by Karan Johar awarded him an award.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in London and he became a film director.
A novel is the basis for which the story for War of the Worlds was written.
Roman Atwood is a prankster.
Brentwood is located in a country.
Bring It On (film) starred Gabrielle Union.
Anna Paquin acted in at least one film.
Demi Moore shaved her head for her role in G.I. Jane.
Phil Mickelson won a golf tournament.
The United Kingdom has a parliamentary system.
Nelson Mandela was a politician.
Robert J. O'Neill is a former United States Navy sailor.
Fernando Alonso is Spanish.
Will Turner is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner.
About one per 1000 babies born each year are affected by Down syndrome.
Naruto first aired before 2007.
Kristen Stewart won an award.
Pat Riley was born on March 20, 1945.
30 Seconds to Mars is a collection of songs.
David Beckham has children.
The Fujitsu iPAD is a device that is designed to be held in the hands.
Live Your Life was released in Britain.
Maya Rudolph appeared in a film.
Lymph nodes are major sites of white blood cells.
Cloud Atlas is modeled from a fictional work by David Mitchell.
Tramadol may cause nausea.
Michael Keaton is a producer.
Hong Kong maintains its interdependent executive, legislative, and judiciary powers.
The Boot Monument is located in a United State National Historical Park.
The Second Punic War lasted from 218 BC to 201 BC.
Braveheart won an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
Norovirus causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Adrian Molina has worked on animated films.
A total of $539 million was grossed by the Underworld film series.
Mark Hamill is an American.
Friends was created by Marta Kauffman.
Nerrukku Ner is part of the Tamil film industry.
Gregor Clegane's younger brother is also known as The Hound.
Rachel McAdams was in the drama Perfect Pie.
Fear of social situations characterizes social anxiety disorder.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was in the forties.
Shampoo is one common cosmetic.
Mel Gibson never worked with Peter Weir.
Vince Vaughn appeared in a number of films in the 1990s, including the sports film Rudy.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for an Oscar.
Justin Timberlake voiced the lead character in a 2016 American computer-animated film.
John Malkovich starred in an action movie.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1976.
Eleveneleven was founded by an American comedian.
Tori Kelly is a vocalist.
Mickey Mantle was given the nickname The Mick by his teammates.
WeChat is an app from China.
The Panic in Needle Park starred an actress.
Napoleon commanded his first military campaign at age 26.
Yardie is a work.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a person.
Tom Welling played in a superhero drama.
Venus Williams plays singles in tennis.
England takes its title from the Angles, a Germanic tribe.
Equidae is sometimes known by another name.
Intimacy's (film) director is Patrice Chéreau.
The Make Trade Fair Campaign was supported by Coldplay.
Avril Lavigne sang the song Complicated.
Shueisha is a Japanese book and video game publisher.
Pink Floyd has a long format collection of songs called Wish You Were Here.
Symptoms of measles eventually spread to the whole body.
Winnipeg is home to the Winnipeg Goldeyes.
Eleveneleven is a company.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for movies.
The 2016 Summer Olympics was held in August.
The Guest stars Lance Reddick.
Mary Steenburgen stars in The Proposal.
Halle Berry has worked as both an actress and spokesmodel.
God in Islam's theology is the creator of everything in existence.
Tom Felton was in The Borrowers as Peagreen Clock.
George A. Romero worked on The Crazies.
Travis Barker was born in 1975.
Fences stars Saniyya Sidney.
Dennis Hopper acted in America.
Singers were employed by K-pop Star 2.
Champion was based off of a story by Ring Lardner.
Turn: Washington's Spies premiered in April 2015.
Liana Liberato appeared in a 2010 American drama thriller film.
Karl Urban was in a film directed by J.J. Abrams.
Despicable Me 3 features the voice of Kristen Wiig.
Absolute Beginners featured Sade.
FC Barcelona is operated by its supporters.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of an actor.
United Nations was established on October 24th, 1945.
Boardwalk empire is a television series.
Richard Ramirez terrorized residents.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by a singer.
The Supernatural pilot got its premiere on The WB.
One More Light was published in 2017.
The Dakota is an apartment building in the US.
The Wild Thornberrys aired on Nickelodeon.
Farrah Fawcett was in The Burning Bush.
Major League Soccer is found in the United States.
Marie Curie was trained in science.
Alex Rodriguez plays baseball.
Each jackfruit is made of more than a hundred flowers.
Jackfruit is native to parts of South Asia and is cultivated.
Marc Maron hosted The Marc Maron Show.
7 Things is a song by actress and singer Miley Cyrus.
Hitman was a 2007 film directed by Xavier Gens.
Bruce Willis is an actor.
Teenage suicide was addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Extreme environments can be caused by factors.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of Trey Parker.
Selena Gomez's single topped a chart.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number when he played baseball was 42.
Dhool starred an Indian actress born in the nineteen eighties.
Jeff Perry is from America.
Ringo Starr was the main vocalist for "Yellow Submarine".
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures.
Up All Night was released by a record label.
Marilyn Monroe starred in a movie.
Justified starred an actor.
The Night Of's screenwriter is also an American novelist.
Jennifer Hudson was a finalist in the third season of American Idol.
Trevor Baxter went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Taal was a film that was directed by Subhash Ghai.
La La Anthony played a character named Sonia in a work directed by Tim Story.
Ron Cobb is an artist.
The Guinness World Records refers to Mariah Carey as the "songbird supreme".
Malala Yousafzai advocates for the education of women in Pakistan.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that had the middle name Richard.
Legion is based on fictional characters from Marvel Comics.
Radiohead pioneered release platforms.
Damages (TV series) premiered in July 24, 2007.
A risk factor for shingles is poor bodily function.
Newspaper include obituaries.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by reggae.
Mike Love graduated college on March 15th, 1941.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen made over 402 million dollars in the US and Canada.
Syd Barrett was in the music industry, but he left it.
Modern liberalism in the United States strongly endorses stuff.
History of art includes Poetry.
Canada is a developed country.
Colin Quinn is from the United States and is also an actor.
Athena was syncretized with Roman goddess Minerva.
Joey Graceffa is a YouTube personage.
War Dogs features Ana de Armas.
Danny DeVito has an online venture titled The Blood Factory.
Gwen Stefani works as a fashion designer.
Tom Cruise was in a science fiction psychological thriller film.
De Profundis was written to "Bosie."
Grace Jones and Sarah Douglas acted alongside each other.
Modern Family, American television show, had it's eighth season starting on September 21st, 2016.
Marlon Brando was in a film by a film director and he was American.
Nerrukku Ner is part of the Tamil film industry.
Patrick Bateman is the villain protagonist of the American Psycho movie.
Alternative release platforms have been pioneered by Radiohead.
Billy Bob Thornton was in U Turn (1997).
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in the 20th century.
Alison Brie Franco is the full name of Alison Brie.
Kick-Ass was released after 2000.
Tom Morello developed an interest in politics.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer formerly.
Jet Li's birthplace is Beijing.
Meek Mill has had his song "Young & Gettin' It" on the U.S. Billboard 200.
Ellen DeGeneres married an actress.
Coca is grown in Argentina.
Desperate Housewives aired on ABC starting in 2004.
Joseph Barbera was an American producer.
The Simpsons is a Fox television show.
Winnie Harlow's birth year is 1994.
Pink Floyd was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Aishwarya Rai received the fourth highest civilian award called Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009.
Marlon Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars.
A planet is Venus.
Syd Barrett contributed to The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
Chris Terrio is American.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by Rain.
The Dark Half is based on a novel called The Dark Half by Stephen King.
Big Boi writes songs.
Lauren Graham is a writer.
The Carolina Panthers is based in North Carolina.
Rabat is Morocco's capital city.
Miami Blues featured Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Jennifer Garner is a mother.
Ruth Negga was born in the 80s.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a person.
Despicable Me was animated by Mac Guff.
All the Lovers reached the top ten in France.
Nicki Minaj made an album.
Dubai is a place.
Nice & Slow was released in 1998.
Jennifer Grey was born on March 26th, 1960.
The Eagles are a group.
Reds is an American epic drama film.
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System is a console.
Chris Brown did a duet with Jordin Sparks.
April was the month when the Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in the United States.
The Mummy is a film.
In 2008, The Twilight Saga released its first installment.
On the Road (film) premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
Glee had a first season.
Robert F. Kennedy wrote The Enemy Within.
Matthew McConaughey was in the film Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top-scorer with 31 goals.
The Strangers is a horror film.
Charles I's wife gave birth to his two immediate successors.
The Hangover Part III stars Ken Jeong.
WALL-E had a $180 million budget.
Jane Fonda is a seven-time Academy Award nominee.
Pembroke Castle is a fortified structure.
Neil Patrick Harris was on How I Met Your Mother as Barney Stinson.
Bill Gates was a CEO.
The filming of Arsenic and Old Lace occurred in 1941.
Charles I's wife gave birth to his two immediate successors.
Gunday was written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Saswata Chatterjee is an Indian citizen.
Home Alone was released in the nineties.
To The Bone includes Carrie Preston.
The Italian language is spoken by communities in the Americas.
The brown bear is listed as a least concern species.
The Bravo Award is given to an outstanding young European footballer.
Calling All the Monsters was found through an American record label.
Marc Maron hosted The Marc Maron Show.
The Smurfs began filming in the 2010s.
Harry Potter is based on novels.
Evonne Goolagong Cawley was born on July 31st, 1951.
Newcastle United F.C. has a traditional crest.
Thor: The Dark World is a movie from America.
Sora is the main character in Kingdom Hearts III.
Star Search was remade by 2929 Productions.
Akira Toriyama achieved mainstream recognition.
Marie Curie studied at an underground university.
Coca is grown in Argentina.
Thiokol was concerned with chemicals related to rubber.
Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty is Indian.
Superior Donuts appears on a commercial broadcast television network.
Kirsten Dunst starred in Bring It On (film).
Carmelo Anthony led the Orangemen to a National Championship.
Sarah Paulson played a role in a comedy-drama series on NBC.
Charlie Chaplin had a parent.
Thomas DeSimone was in a gang.
John D. Rockefeller controlled oil in the United States.
My Bloody Valentine 3D features Jensen Ackles in a lead role.
24 is a 2016 movie.
Anne Frank spent most of her life in the Netherlands.
Iran has natural gas.
Silicon Valley is in the Bay Area of California.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who was born George Raymond Martin and it is in the fantasy genre.
Streptococcus pertains to the subclass Lactobacillales.
Samuel L. Jackson appeared in the Die Hard film series in it's third movie.
Apocalypse Now was produced by and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Britney Spears' middle name is Jean.
Mary-Louise Parker received a Golden Globe and other awards.
Alice in Wonderland had Helena Bonham Carter in it.
Prison Break won a People's Choice Award.
Queen Victoria was alive during the 1870s.
Fifth Harmony has members.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short story by Philip K. Dick.
North Korea has a political party.
19 Kids and Counting aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years.
Sabrina Carpenter performs music.
Alec Baldwin appeared in two films directed by an American director.
Kristen Bell has been on television.
Delhi is on land.
Oh Yeon-seo was born in the 20th century.
Zambia is bordered by the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ben Kingsley's work has extended over 40 years.
Big Bang won 3 awards in Japan.
Pablo Picasso was a artist in 1906.
Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty is Indian.
Bronson (film) was directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.
Dogs were the first domesticated species and are sister taxa to the gray wolf.
Brian Lynch wrote the screenplay for Puss in Boots.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape, gay rights, animal rights, alcoholism, drug abuse, domestic violence, sex, antisemitism, racism, teenage suicide, teenage pregnancy, and AIDS.
Celtic F.C. is in the Scottish Premiership.
De Profundis was written by Oscar Wilde.
Iris Murdoch was a writer.
Cate Blanchett is an actress.
Dogstar (band) performed at the Glastonbury Festival.
Walmart is of lower retail value than Amazon.
Hearing loss may be triggered by constant exposure to excessive noise levels.
Journey was once named the fifth-best American rock band by USA Today.
Napoleon led a military expedition.
Taylor Swift has a Billboard Music Award.
Charles II of England had a brother.
Willie Nelson is in favor of marijuana legalization.
Ezra Edelman directed O.J.: Made in America.
Hong Kong maintains its independent powers.
San Francisco is Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary's location.
Big Bang released a Japanese album at some point.
The Strangers is a horror film from 2008.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus played a character.
Suicide Kings is a film that was created in 1997.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose third name is Saunders.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to show at least one emotion.
Dubai is on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf.
Justified starred an actor.
K-pop Star 2 involves Yang Hyn-suk.
A school Alexander Hamilton attended was located in Manhattan.
Give Me Everything is the second single from Planet Pit.
Laura Dern was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and received acclaim.
Mariah Carey made international chart history.
Telangana is a state in India.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
Madonna released an album in 1983.
Tardigrades have been found in the deep ocean.
Tatiana Maslany has starred in multiple television series.
Elvis & Nixon stars Evan Peters.
Formula One holds racing events all over the world.
Yamaha Corporation is made up of multiple partners and subsidiaries.
Tom Hanks has been given a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama.
Omar Sharif was fluent in Portuguese.
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is produced by a studio.
Shirley MacLaine starred in Ask Any Girl.
William R. Tolbert Jr. was murdered in a coup d'état.
Pat Riley was born on March 20, 1945.
Maid in Manhattan is a romantic comedy.
Shia LaBeouf starred in Even Stevens on the Disney Channel.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Less than 50% of Texas's land area is desert.
Patricia Clarkson acts in the movie No Reservations.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of the comedy 3 Idiots.
Romelu Lukaku is an athlete.
Reds was co-written by the movie's director.
Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 is voiced by Troy Baker.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player.
Ashley Judd is involved in national humanitarian efforts.
Frank Sedgman is a retired World No. 1 amateur tennis champion.
Batman: The Killing Joke was illustrated by Brian Bolland.
Kuala Lumpur is the economic center of Malaysia.
Helen Gardner was an educator.
Bobby Moore was a footballer.
Judd Apatow is an American citizen.
Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 is voiced by Troy Baker.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was named one of the Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America by Gallup.
Carmelo Anthony is a sportsman.
Cancer can be prevented by taking certain measures.
Haiti shares an island in the Caribbean with the Dominican Republic.
World War I involved the world's economic great powers.
Steven Soderbergh directed a biographical film and received acclaim.
The stratosphere is above the troposphere and below the mesosphere.
Scabies had another name.
Indonesia has an abundance of oil.
Welcome Back (film) has an Indian actor, writer, and filmmaker.
Bob Arum is the founder of a company.
An American media company was an employer of William Hanna.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is the fourth studio album of Foo Fighters.
Jessica Biel has acted in at least three comedy movies.
The Dayton Agreement was signed into law.
The gray wolf has a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds.
Humanz is by a band.
Miley Cyrus writes songs.
The Promise premiered in 2016.
Hayden Panettiere played Claire Bennet on Heroes.
John McCain is known for his work to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam.
From the Earth to the Moon was created in 1998.
The Place Beyond the Pines is an American crime drama film.
Edgar Allan Poe was an author.
Shampoo is one common cosmetic.
Anaconda is on the third studio album by Nicki Minaj.
The Wild Thornberrys aired on Nickelodeon.
The Jacksons ended on March 9, 1977.
Heikegani is a species of decapod crustacean from Japan.
Lumps are possible signs of cancer.
Maggie Gyllenhaal has the birthday of November 16, 1977.
Xi Jinping was the Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Judi Dench has won awards.
The Panic in Needle Park starred an actress.
Jennifer Hudson stars in the Voice.
To The Bone includes Carrie Preston.
Taylor Swift was successful in Australia.
Emmy Rossum was in an adaptation.
Joe Manganiello has been featured in Sabotage.
In 1986, Halle Berry placed 6th in the Miss World Pageant.
The Boston Celtics won the 1983-84 season.
My Own Private Idaho premiered in the early 90's.
Black Sails was renewed for a third season.
Newspapers include reviews.
Taiwan has an official name.
Mike Judge is a person.
Montreal has a legal language.
Ecuador literally translates to "Republic of the Equator."
Jesus is also known as a different name.
Frank Sinatra has been the winner of an Academy Award.
Martin Scorsese founded The Film Foundation.
Dustin Hoffman has an acting career.
The G1 Climax is an event.
Anne Frank spent most of her life in the Netherlands.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its wit sophistication.
The Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in a country.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in 1999.
Muhammad is a significant to the Islamic faith.
Hot was by an English actress.
Seattle belongs to category as a city.
Bradford contains a museum.
Robbie Collin is British.
Andy Warhol was the producer of a band.
Taylor Swift is an American singer-songwriter.
William Jennings Bryan is American.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who works in the fantasy genre and he is American.
The North Bay Region contains Vallejo, California.
Celeste and Jesse Forever was co-written by an actress.
Generation X has no exact dating for its defining characteristic.
War Dogs stars an actor.
Recovery, by Eminem, was one of the best-selling albums of 2010 worldwide.
Stockard Channing acted in a play.
1.7% of water can be found in glaciers and ice caps.
The second longest of Shakespeare's plays is Richard III.
The Great Gatsby is about Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
Journey's fourth album was Infinity, released in 1978.
Diana Ross was honored in 2007.
Love & Mercy (film) stars an actor.
Buddhism has over 500 million followers.
Robert Downey Jr. has portrayed a character.
The Last House on the Left is a film.
Steven Tyler sings lead vocals for a Boston-based rock band.
Seth MacFarlane worked on a show.
Chicago White Sox competes in the World Series.
Zeus is a god.
Harald V of Norway married a person.
Carice van Houten is a person.
Computer scientists uses Pi.
Marie Curie was a person.
Toy Story 3 received award nominations.
Outkast is composed of Andre 3000 and Big Boi.
Dogstar (band) released an album.
Melbourne has an extensive transport network.
Unforgettable is authored by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the final novel of the Harry Potter series that began in 1997.
In 1986, Halle Berry placed 6th in the Miss World Pageant.
Naproxen relieves ailments.
Bring It On (film) starred Gabrielle Union.
Paul Simon is an actor.
From the Earth to the Moon is a miniseries.
Measles develop almost 2 weeks after exposure to an infected person.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union attempted a coup.
Man of Steel is a film.
Inception's cast includes French actress Marion Cotillard.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson is in a film.
North Vancouver is served by a police force.
The Last House on the Left is a motion picture.
Joseph Fiennes has worked in tv acting.
Hannah Montana had Miley Cyrus in it.
Aishwarya Rai was wedded in 2007.
The Republic of Zambia is bordered to the east by Malawi.
Led Zeppelin formed in London.
There Will Be Blood is a British drama movie.
Wrath of the Titans was released in the last decade.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character portrayed by Mark Harmon.
The Bridges of Madison County is a film.
The Guinness World Records refers to Mariah Carey as the "songbird supreme".
Alicia Vikander had a career as a dancer.
Jackfruit is autochthonous to parts of Southeast Asia.
Martial arts are performed by Bruce Lee.
Jing Tian has an acting career.
Walmart is of lower retail value than Amazon.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a game show.
Nikita (TV series) started airing in 2010.
Tom Hanks has been awarded a Kennedy Center Honor.
Las Vegas is a city.
One Direction is a musical group.
Dwayne Johnson won a professional wrestling championship.
Olivia Wilde is a worker.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
Tipper Gore was born in August 1948.
Bonnie Hunt was in a movie.
Kurt Angle's middle name is Steven.
The stratosphere is above the troposphere and below the mesosphere.
Kurt Angle is an American professional wrestler that was formerly an amateur.
Jamie Foxx was born in a time.
Christianity is a system of beliefs and practices.
Venus has the densest atmosphere of the terrestrial planets.
Paul Feig was the director of a comedy film that had two women writers.
Red is inspired by a comic book series by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner.
Taylor Swift is an American singer-songwriter.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel V.
Adam West was born in 1928.
Part of the Bible was written by early Christians.
Cannibalism was prevalent in the past with human beings.
James Cromwell played a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
Haim Saban is a film producer.
Asteroid Day is an event that occurs every year.
Furious 7 was filmed in more than one country.
Evil is commonly associated with actions.
The Chernobyl disaster caused 2 deaths within the facility.
Randy Orton was born in April.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union attempted a coup.
The World Science Festival is a organization that is non-profit.
Colin Powell was the 65th US Secretary of State.
Deadpool 2 featured Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T. J. Miller, Gina Carano, Leslie Uggams, Brianna Hildebrand, and Stefan Kapičić.
The Big Chill stars an Oscar nominated actor.
North Vancouver is served by a police force.
Maggie Gyllenhaal performed in "Crazy Heart".
Rafael Nadal won an annual tennis tournament for the eighth time in 2012.
Maggie Gyllenhaal performed in "Crazy Heart".
Black Widow only appears in American comic books.
Sriti Jha performs the leading role in an Hindi-language TV show.
One Direction made music.
The Black Dahlia was written by a man.
Tom Cruise was in a film categorized as drama.
Beautiful was on the Billboard Hot 100.
Arrested Development is about a dysfunctional family.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam and was a solo act.
Naruto: Shippuden is a sequel to Naruto.
Sam Worthington was born 2 August 1976.
Alan Rickman was born in 1946.
Saif Ali Khan had a role in two films which include Dil Chahta Hai and Kal Ho Naa Ho.
Miranda Cosgrove is a woman.
Boeing 737s serve markets previously filled by MD-80/MD-90 and DC-9 airliners.
The Backstreet Boys formed in Florida.
The Bravo Award is given to an outstanding young European footballer.
The Martian is based on Andy Weir's novel.
Adam Driver was in a film.
19 Kids and Counting aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years.
Christopher Columbus encountered Central America.
Minecraft is a game.
Hearing loss may be triggered by constant exposure to excessive noise levels.
Demi Moore shaved her head for her role in G.I. Jane.
For his work on 30 Rock, Alec Baldwin won two Emmy Awards.
Richard Harris's date of birth was October 1, 1930.
Kate Nash was taken off of her record label.
Spain is a sovereign state.
Zendaya is a professional dancer.
The French Revolution happened after the Seven Years' War in 1789.
Oscar Wilde was a playwright, and became popular in London.
Joan Cusack worked with Wilford Brimley and she is American.
Serbia has a high rank on the Global Peace Index.
Lily Collins had a role in Priest in which she is captured by vampires.
Essays are published by Midwestern Gothic.
John McCain is known for his work to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam.
Tetris has sold approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones.
Absolute Beginners featured Sade.
Stanley Tucci is North American.
In 2008, The Twilight Saga released its first installment.
Letty is played by Michelle Rodriguez.
Ringo Starr has been featured in movies.
By the immunization of the mother, cerebral palsy is partly preventable.
Vikrant Massey acted in V The Serial.
Elle Fanning starred in a film.
How to Be is a 2008 French independent comedy-drama film.
George Martin worked in film.
The National Security Agency is responsible for the processing of information and data for intelligence purposes.
Jake Gyllenhaal is in Prisoners.
Elle Fanning starred in the sci-fi movie Super 8.
Malcolm Young was a songwriter.
Augusto Pinochet passed away in 2006.
Matt Sorum founded a touring project in 2012.
Dubai is on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf.
The Comeback has at least one season.
Sarah Michelle Gellar played the part of Kathryn Merteuil.
Just Dance was topped the Billboard charts.
Albany, New York is in New York.
Hot was by a songwriter from England.
Timea Bacsinszky was the winner of titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
Kaitlin Olson was a part of the improvisational group the Groundlings.
Sue Bird plays basketball.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency began operation on December 2, 1970.
Lyme disease causes erythema migrans.
Albania is a part of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Bangladesh has been affected by poverty and violence.
Shantel VanSanten is American.
On October 31, 1969, Led Zeppelin II was released in the United Kingdom.
The Hobbit was written by a person.
Shia LaBeouf starred in Even Stevens on the Disney Channel.
Chicago White Sox play at a baseball field in the city's South Side.
Jim Carrey appeared in a 2013 superhero comedy film.
Since the 1950s, Istanbul's population has grown in number.
Triple H is a professional wrestler from America.
The Meyerowitz stories stars Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Emma Thompson, and Dustin Hoffman.
Birth complications may result in hearing loss.
Event management is the application of project management to the development of large scale events.
Black Sabbath is from Birmingham.
Womb (film) starred an English actor.
Mark Zuckerberg has a net worth of $63.3 billion as of May 5, 2017.
Chris Hemsworth starred in a movie.
Dwayne Wade started playing for the Bulls in 2016.
Black Sabbath was formed by 4 people.
The Divergent Series is in the fantasy genre.
Rajesh Khanna earned the most money as an actor from 1970 to 1987.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of Guru.
Wonder Woman is a character.
Neil Armstrong went to space.
A boycott can be for social reasons.
Dhoom 3 signifies Blast 3 in English.
Devdas is the middle name of Gopalkrishna Gandhi.
The capital of Australia is not New York.
Ronin starred Jonathan Pryce.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's greatest roles.
Lions are social.
United States contains cities.
David Mazouz played Jacob Bohm.
Greenwich is centred 5.5 miles from Charing Cross.
Machu Picchu is an Inca citadel created in the 1450s.
Singers were employed by K-pop Star 2.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of a producer from Canada.
Daz Dillinger is from California.
The largest k-12 school in Israel is located in Haifa.
Thomas Pynchon published short stories in the early 1960s.
Daft Punk is a duo.
Trevor Noah hosts The Daily Show.
Colin Quinn was born on June 6.
Ted Kaczynski sent a letter to a newspaper.
Sleep can be disrupted by sleep apnea.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) became part of The CW's schedule.
Mauritius was a British colony until 1968, when Britain relinquished the territory.
Emma Roberts was born in 1991.
Investment funds are also referred to as collective investment schemes.
Gabon is bordered by three African countries.
The internet is composed of private, public, academic, business, and government networks.
Star Trek had spin-off television series.
San Francisco has hills.
Oscar Wilde was a playwright, and became popular in London.
The Shield had Michael Chiklis in a main role.
Spider-Man was given super strength from it's creators.
Wrath of the Titans was released in the last decade.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a budget.
A risk factor for shingles is poor bodily function.
Dwayne Johnson had a role in The Scorpion King.
Borrelia afzelli is likely to cause a variant of Lyme disease.
Billy Wilder was born on a date.
Lisa Kudrow appeared on Showtime.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of Trey Parker.
Alpha Centauri is a star system.
Eugenio Canfari was born in the 19th century.
The Kingdom Hearts series contains Kingdom Hearts III.
Steve Buscemi has been a part of many Coen Brothers' movies.
Tim Rice is known for his additional songs in the 2011 revival of the Wizard of Oz and he is American.
The Falling stars Maisie Williams.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
The Strangers is a horror film.
Tim Allen acted in a show.
The Matrix was written and directed by the Wachowskis.
Empress Matilda married a man.
The Parliament of Canada consists of a lower house: the House of Commons.
Cheyenne Jackson had a role on a television series.
Fifty Shades of Grey has been translated into over 50 languages.
Marlon Brando was in Sayonara.
Several models starred in The Twilight Saga.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is a person.
The United States was included in the 19th G7 summit.
Indian was chosen the Best Foreign Language Film in 1996.
Elephants are the prey of lions.
Mary-Louise Parker is a person.
Fifty Shades of Grey has been translated into over 50 languages.
Tokyo Ghoul has the actor Ken Kaneki.
Serbia has a high rank on the Social Progress Index.
An anti-nuclear antibodies subtype is anti-dsDNA antibodies.
Womb (film) starred an English actor.
Darth Vader works for the Empire.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a film director.
Paleogene starts from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago (Mya).
The Backstreet Boys formed in Florida.
Gianluigi Buffon has won football titles.
Jon Snow is a character on an HBO series.
Dr. Dre produced a compilation album called Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath.
Marilyn Monroe was an orphan.
Ron Swanson married and divorced two women named Tammy.
Judith Quiney was baptised in England on February 2, 1585.
Edward I of England responded to a second rebellion with a full-scale war of attrition.
The United States Congress meets in the Capitol.
John McCain adheres to conservative principles.
Ringo Starr was the main vocalist for "Yellow Submarine".
Josh Duhamel was born in 1972.
Randy Orton was born in April.
The Portuguese Empire is also referred to as The Portuguese Overseas.
Judy Greer has appeared in multiple films.
Troy Baker was the rhythm guitarist for Tripp Fontaine.
Travis Barker was in Feeble.
Jim Carrey was in the main cast of Mr. Popper's Penguins.
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom.
The Constitution of Denmark was signed in June of 1849.
The Breakfast Club is a film.
Spider-Man has been portrayed by Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, and Tom Holland in films.
Helen Keller is a famous deaf person.
George Washington was commissioned by the Second Continental Congress.
Michael Jackson was a dancer.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by Rain.
One kind of Mediterranean cuisine dish is roast lamb.
The Prestige stars Rebecca Hall.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player who was the singles world No. 1.
Amazon Web Services featured services for apps.
Phil Mickelson won a golf tournament.
Kate Nash has an album.
The United Kingdom consists of countries.
Jon Huntsman Jr. worked for the President of the United States.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a cost of $40 million.
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 film.
Thiokol was concerned with rubber.
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was a president.
Alternative rock is played by Gorillaz
Planet of the Apes is an American film.
Walt Disney Pictures produced a film featuring the performance of Dennis Quaid.
A Thousand Suns was not recorded at NRG Recording Studios.
Gregor Clegane's younger brother is also known as The Hound.
Miranda Kerr has a modeling career.
The windigo is a type of being.
Aishwarya Rai married writer Abhishek Bachchan.
Jim Carrey is a person.
Pirates of the Caribbean had multiple directors.
Injustice 2 includes a leveling system.
Leicester City F.C. has been FA Cup finalists four times.
Carter Jenkins stars in Famous in Love.
The Aegean Sea is connected to the Black Sea.
Pompeii is a historic landmark site found in Italy.
Avatar: The Last Airbender's main character was Aang.
Prison Break was created by the screenwriter and director Paul Scheuring .
Fences stars Saniyya Sidney.
Hugh Hefner is an American men's lifestyle magazine publisher.
WeChat is a Chinese application.
Dead Man Down stars an Irish actor born in 1976.
James Stewart starred in Rope.
Jessica Chastain was in a movie.
Alec Sokolow has worked with an American.
WeChat is a Chinese application.
Macaulay Culkin was a child actor.
Shueisha is a Japanese book and video game publisher.
San Francisco has hills.
NASA has followed most US space exploration efforts.
Jennifer Garner is a mother.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was in an American science-fiction film.
Low is an album called David Bowie.
Drop Dead Gorgeous follows contestants in a pageant.
Aruba features cacti in its landscape.
The Catalyst is a single by Linkin Park.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final included Leicester City.
Curse, Inc. is used by the game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Lion is a film based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home.
Saamy is an Indian Tamil film.
Christopher Nolan worked on Inception.
Selena Gomez's single topped a chart.
Dhool is an action film.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1976.
Friends was created by Marta Kauffman.
Steve Harvey has written books.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as intellectual property.
Mauritius has a low ranking democracy.
Pablo Escobar was a drug smuggler.
Part of the Bible was written by early Christians.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia's second season aired on August 4, 2005.
Imagine Dragons has a studio album called Smoke + Mirrors.
Broadcast News was authored by James L. Brooks.
Radioactive received at least two nominations.
J. J. Cale was born in 1938.
Davis Guggenheim is a television producer and show-runner.
Azerbaijan has a high degree of literacy.
Psychology seeks to understand individuals and groups within society.
Nice & Slow was released in 1998.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Jack Gleeson.
Winnipeg is foreign to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Italy is a sovereign state.
Hungary was founded during a conquest.
Barack Obama will have a presidential library built in his honor.
Seal performed a song.
Medina was Muhammad's destination.
The United States Congress possesses 535 voting people.
Priyanka Chopra advocates health and education causes.
Elizabeth Taylor was a person.
The Crown (TV series) featured a Winston Churchill portrayal.
Dan Martin rides for UCI ProTeam.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen made over 402 million dollars in the US and Canada.
Rachel McAdams graduated from York University in 2001.
Bad Boy Entertainment was created by Sean Combs in 1993.
Before Night Falls is a biographical film.
Jake Gyllenhaal is in Prisoners.
Alpha House is inspired by a politician.
Usher has a sophomore album.
The Invention of Lying's cast includes Jonah Hill.
Tom Cruise was in a film categorized as drama.
The phalanx appears in writings.
Love & Mercy (film) stars American actor Paul Dano.
42 (film) is an American film that received positive promotional reviews.
Vladimir Putin achieved success with 64% of the vote.
Ben Whishaw was in productions.
For Off-Broadway plays, Susan Sarandon received nominations.
Kaitlin Olson stars as Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Vladimir Putin graduated from Saint Petersburg State University.
Bats are of the order Chiroptera.
Brad Bird pitched The Incredibles.
Bonnie Hunt was in a movie.
Samsung Life Insurance is a company.
Vladimir Putin achieved success with 64% of the vote.
In Oxford, Jamie Oliver launched "Jamie's Italian".
Lust for Life is a film.
Kalpana Raghavendar is not an actor.
Suits features a character named Mike Ross.
Glacier can be found in Hawaii.
Jenni Rivera won at least one award in 2007.
Amsterdam has high growth rate within the city Proper.
The reigning monarch of the UK lives in Buckingham Palace.
Anderson Silva was born in the year 1975 on the month April.
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling is a women's professional wrestling promotion.
Dolly Parton didn't star in 9 to 5.
Syria includes Syrian Arabs, Greeks, Armenians, Assyrians, Kurds, Circassians,  Mandeans, and Turks.
Blink-182 helped develop the genre pop punk.
Russ belongs to a rap group.
Heikegani has a shell that is believed to resemble an angry samurai's face.
Ed Solomon was born on September 15, 1960.
William McKinley passed away in 1901.
The Voice was continued for a thirteenth season in 2016.
Robert Browning birth month is May.
Absolute Beginners featured someone.
Olivia Munn possessed an early career.
Overwatch was developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.
Neil Young writes and sings his own music.
19 Kids and Counting had other names.
Furious 7 began principal photography in 2013.
Mary-Louise Parker is a person.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by reggae.
Warren Buffett is a business magnate.
Frank Ocean is an American citizen.
Marcus Allen's younger brother is named Damon Allen.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape, gay rights, animal rights, alcoholism, drug abuse, domestic violence, sex, antisemitism, racism, teenage suicide, teenage pregnancy, and AIDS.
A mole is used as a breakwater.
Azerbaijan has a high rate of something.
Morgan Freeman appeared in Bruce Almighty.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
Broadcast News was authored by James L. Brooks.
Hisense was given permission to sell a telecommunication medium in a place.
Ethnic Albanians living outside Montenegro are part of the Albanian diaspora.
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Ludacris's album is named Battle of the Sexes.
DJ Khaled assisted in the hip-hop albums.
Claire Danes received four Golden Globe Awards.
The Champ is an American film.
Michelle Rodriguez acted in Lost.
Heartland debuted in October 2007.
Mark Wahlberg has an early career as frontman for a musical group.
R. Madhavan produced a film.
The Breakfast Club was directed by John Hughes and went on to be a classic.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for awards.
Israel hosts a population of a group of people.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of an actor.
Don Henley has released albums.
Mike Tyson boxed professionally.
Estella Warren date of birth is  December 23, 1978.
Arya Stark is a female, fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels
Gerald Ford was American.
One Direction has won awards.
The Crazies is a film.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker.
Lily James appeared in a work.
Dileep (actor) assisted a director.
David Beckham has 4 children.
In Secret was based on a book.
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo is a person.
George A. Romero directed The Crazies.
Count Basie took his group to a city for at least one recording.
Gujarat has over 60 million people living in its cities.
Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 were films that Adam DeVine was involved with.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in July of 1856.
Lucas starred a Canadian actor.
Alison Brie Franco is the full name of Alison Brie.
Psychological findings are linked to research and perspectives from humanities.
Glee ended on FOX network.
Ed Solomon is a producer.
Prison Break received the People's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama.
Chris Terrio was born on December 31, 1976.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top goalscorer for Togo.
Boston is located in the state of Massachusetts on the Shawmut Peninsula.
Syd Barrett contributed to A Saucerful of Secrets.
R. Kelly wrote a song for the soundtrack of Space Jam.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed Boogie Nights in 1997.
Minions had two directors.
Caryn Mandabach was the producer of Roseanne.
Vincent Cassel starred in a thriller.
Courtney Love is an actor.
Warren Casey is a composer of Grease.
The Gadsden flag is a historical flag.
Dwayne Johnson works for WWE.
Jon Pertwee was in a series.
The Emoji Movie was produced by an animation studio.
Nelson Mandela was a humanitarian.
Tony Blair was elected after John Smith's sudden death.
Adolf Hitler joined a political party.
Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer worked together to produce The Rock.
Judith Barsi appeared in films.
Mr. Sunshine started on February 9.
George A. Romero worked on The Crazies.
Judi Dench has won awards.
Horror is the genre of The Crazies.
Arrested Development follows the fictitious Bluth family.
Muhammad was persecuted by some Meccan tribes.
Emma is an adaptation of an 1815 novel.
Dwayne Johnson had a role in The Scorpion King.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in a city in Italy.
Sora is the main character in Kingdom Hearts III.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a cost of $40 million.
Bane is a fictional comic book character.
Tyrion Lannister was created by an American author.
Sharon Tate married in January 1968.
Adam West was born in a month.
Hairspray sold copies in the USA.
Sarah Paulson played a role in a comedy-drama series on NBC.
Syria includes Syrian Arabs, Greeks, Armenians, Assyrians, Kurds, Circassians,  Mandeans, and Turks.
Charles II of England had a brother.
Jessica Biel has acted in at least three comedy movies.
Muhammad Ali was in a match.
Marlon Brando was in a film by a film director and he was American.
Glenn Frey was a member of the Eagles.
David Simon was birthed in 1960.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line.
Narcolepsy can disrupt sleep.
James Taylor released a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
Imagine Dragons has a studio album called Smoke + Mirrors.
Richard Gere starred in an American thriller film.
Spider-Man was given super strength from it's creators.
Serbia has a high rank on an index.
Wonder Woman has appeared in the comics for the Justice Society.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are anti-Ro antibodies.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies.
Dungeons & Dragons was published by Tactical Studies Rules, Inc.
Evil is commonly associated with trauma.
Central America contains Belize.
Judd Apatow produced The Cable Guy.
Cara Delevingne had roles that are major.
Grace Jones influenced New York's cross-dressing movement in the 1980s.
Ryder is also referred to as Ryder System, Inc.
Apocalypse Now was produced by and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Drama school offers a degree.
Sue Bird was picked first overall in the WNBA Draft of 2002.
Cosmopolitan was transformed into a literary magazine before changing again.
Ready Player One won a prize from a nonprofit organization.
Christoph Waltz is an  award-winning actor.
Texas shares a border with a place.
Roger Penrose shared a prize with Stephen Hawking.
Assassination is a film that Jun Ji-hyun is in.
Arkham Asylum's patients include a villain.
1993 was the year Miranda Cosgrove was born.
Dumb and Dumber is an American comedy road film.
David Thewlis is an English screenwriter.
Elizabeth Banks did a Netflix miniseries.
In 2011's summer transfer period, a team signed Romelu Lukaku.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues.
Maggie Gyllenhaal starred in Won't Back Down in 2012.
Glamorous is a song by Fergie.
The Odia language is used for communication by a good number of people.
Tardigrades have been found in at least one habitat.
Christianity spread to the Americas.
Nelson Mandela was a humanitarian.
Jim Parsons portrays Sheldon Cooper.
Desperate Housewives is a tv show.
Aishwarya Rai is a brand ambassador for several business organizations and campaigns.
The Martian is based on Andy Weir's novel.
Stephen Rider acted in the series Lucky 7.
May 15, 1886 was the day Emily Dickinson passed away.
Mary-Louise Parker acted in Angels in America.
Loki is the father of Hel.
Vince Vaughn appeared in the 1993 sports film Rudy.
Muhammad Ali was in a match.
Vladimir Putin graduated from Saint Petersburg State University.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
Psychological horror often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable, unreliable, or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror.
The Carmichael Show has seasons.
Will Ferrell worked with John C. Reilly.
Maria I of Portugal existed as Queen of the Algarves.
Heikegani has a shell that is believed to resemble an angry samurai's face.
Gianluigi Buffon won the Coppa Italia in 1999.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman.
Emmy Rossum had a prominent role in An American Rhapsody (2001).
Kalpana Raghavendar is Indian.
Kalpana Raghavendar is not an actor.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was a president.
Masaccio was involved in Renaissance art.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the iOS operating system.
Psychological findings are linked to research and perspectives from humanities.
Telangana is one of the states of India.
Breaking Bad's crew include Bob Odenkirk.
Thandie Newton has appeared in American films
Iggy Azalea signed a recording contract with Grand Hustle Records.
Justin Timberlake voiced the lead character in a 2016 American computer-animated film.
Jack Reacher is a film.
The Bravo Award is an annual prize.
Steve Coogan starred as Paul Raymond in The Look of Love.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a film directed by Tim Miller.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Joseph "Jody" Summers in Baby Boy.
Canada was claimed by the British.
Texas shares a border with a place.
One vlogger is Roman Atwood.
Bertrand Russell's work has had a great deal of influence on set theory.
Guinevere was Arthur's wife.
24 is a 2016 movie.
The Homesman features James Spader.
Nepal is the 93rd largest country in the world by area.
The Syrian Desert covers parts of northeastern Jordan.
Jane Eyre was released in 2011.
Conan O'Brien is a producer of television.
Splash starred a Canadian actor.
Felicity Jones portrayed a character.
Just Dance is a record.
That '70s Show is a show that aired on the network FOX.
Aruba is without administrative subdivisions.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
Nocturnal Animals is a film.
Steve Buscemi has been a part of many Coen Brothers' movies.
Live Your Life is by T.I.
Dennis Hastert served as a congressman.
The Girl on the Train was based on Paula Hawkins' 2015 novel.
Justified was a candidate for an award.
Latin pop entered the U.S. music scene with the help of Ricky Martin.
Syd Barrett was in the music industry, but he left it.
Syd Barrett was the lead guitarist for Pink Floyd.
Hypothyroidism can cause poor ability to tolerate heat.
Leonardo da Vinci's inventions are displayed as working models at a museum.
Pitch Perfect 3 stars Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle.
A Golden Globe was given to Jason Bateman.
Christopher Marlowe was also known by another alias.
Christina Aguilera appeared on the television series The Mickey Mouse Club.
The X Factor is a singing competition in the UK.
The United Kingdom consists of countries.
Mickey Rooney played a supporting role in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963).
The 1997 Locus Award was won by A Game of Thrones.
Beauty Shop stars a human.
Burnaby achieved City status 100 years after incorporation.
Keanu Reeves was in a band.
Splash is a film.
Nazi Germany suffered military defeats.
Imagine Dragons are a group.
Writing is an action performed by Bob Dylan.
Nikita (TV series) started airing in 2010.
Hilda Ellis Davidson began life on October 1st, 1914.
Amsterdam was the home of diarist Anne Frank.
Sansa Stark is a person in a narrative work of art.
The Kingdom of Georgia lasted for centuries.
IBM invented a card.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by David Mitchell.
Antarctica's coast experiences an annual precipitation of eight inches.
Ireland is not landlocked.
Anne Hathaway starred in Tom Hooper's Les Misérables as Fantine.
Muammar Gaddafi was the Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.
Slovakia is a place that is landlocked.
IBM invented a card.
Allen Ginsberg was portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Bob Arum is the CEO of a company based in Las Vegas.
Tori Kelly was born in the 1990's.
The Nile runs through Uganda.
Star Trek, the film series, had a one-disc DVD version with no special features.
Roald Dahl is a British writer.
Tiger Woods reached number one ranking in the world.
Slash was in a band.
1993 was the year Miranda Cosgrove was born.
The Invention of Lying was released in the US in 2009.
1965 was the year J. K. Rowling was born.
Bob Riley served as the 52nd Governor of Alabama.
John Lennon was a writer.
No Reservations features Bob Balaban.
Jay Sekulow is the Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice.
Birth of the Dragon's filming began in Canada.
Boeing 777 planes have two jet engines.
The September 11 attacks killed 2,996 people.
Dave Franco is Tom Franco's brother.
Dwayne Johnson was cut during the 1995 season.
Octopuses use camouflage and deimatic displays to protect themselves.
Ryder is also known as something else.
Dave Franco is Tom Franco's brother.
Meryl Streep is an actress.
Lion is a film based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home.
The seven-year itch was the previous name of scabies.
Iran is a sovereign state.
Dolly Parton was in the cast of the movie The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Vince Vaughn appeared in the 1993 sports film Rudy.
Imagine Dragons are a group.
Umbrella was a Rihanna song released through Def Jam Recordings.
Star Wars is a franchise from the United States.
Nearly 40 million units were sold by Amaze Entertainment.
Robert F. Kennedy wrote The Enemy Within.
Detroit is a city.
Purple Haze was released in 1967.
San Francisco is the location of a bridge.
Guinevere was Arthur's wife.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by restriction.
Jessica Lange made her film debut in the remake of a movie from 1933.
In the comedy Get Him to the Greek Nick Kroll has a supporting role.
Sleep can be disrupted by sleep apnea.
Patrick Bateman is the villain protagonist of the American Psycho movie.
Keanu Reeves played Hamlet.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Judith Quiney was baptised in England on February 2, 1585.
Jacinda Barret changed careers.
FX aired It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia for the first time.
Giada De Laurentiis has helped host an NBC show.
Sigmund Freud set up his clinical practice in Vienna and was influential.
The Evil Queen has been performed live by Anne Fancine.
The Offspring released Smash after 1990.
Aishwarya Rai is a brand ambassador for several business organizations and campaigns.
Franklin D. Roosevelt implemented a war strategy.
Brandon Lee was killed in an accident.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14.
Rachel McAdams worked on a project directed by an American.
Billy Clanton had a sibling.
Marie Curie studied at an underground university.
What a Girl Wants earned a gold certification in Belgium.
Romelu Lukaku won a championship.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American dancers.
Selena Gomez was in Wizards of Waverly Place from 2007 to 2012.
Red blood cell formation is assisted by the presence of Vitamin B-12.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in a film.
Leslie Groves ceased to be alive on July 13, 1970.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line.
No Escape had pre-screenings.
Syd Barrett founded Pink Floyd.
Will Ferrell worked with John C. Reilly.
Michael Caine starred in a movie.
Evan Goldberg is a Canadian film producer.
Pompeii is not a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Jean-Martin Charcot was from France.
Slipknot (band) is an American heavy metal band.
IO Theater is a training center.
Black Widow only appears in American comic books.
Havoc is a film.
The Parliament of Canada consists of a lower house: the House of Commons.
Ready Player One is a science fiction novel.
Take a Bow is a single.
Denial was released in the United States.
Annie Parisse is a person.
Helen Gardner lectured in Chicago.
Nick Jonas is a recording artist.
Texas's land are has some desert.
Led Zeppelin played music.
Minecraft is a work.
Broad Green Pictures CEO is Gabriel Hammond.
Ellen Burstyn was in the cast of Requiem for a Dream.
Dangerous Beauty starred two actors.
Tori Kelly was born in the 1990's.
James Blake (musician) has released work under the moniker Harmonimix.
Moscow is a national capital.
Lion was a biographical film.
Roland Garros Stadium is in Paris and is the site of the French Open.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top goalscorer for Togo.
Confessions was sold somewhere.
One person who transitioned to female is Jazz Jennings.
Jackie Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Tatiana Maslany has starred in multiple television series.
Jon Huntsman Jr. worked for the President of the United States.
Boston brings in tourists.
Ryder is also known as something else.
Apple's year of founding was 1976.
Bangladesh is on the Indian subcontinent.
Android has had prosperity.
Jesus is also known as a different name.
Nicole Kidman's parents are Australian.
Journey was named the fifth-best American rock band in a 2005 USA Today opinion poll.
Paulo Dybala is a person from Argentina.
Chris Pratt portrayed Star-Lord in the 2014 film Guardians of the Galaxy.
The Departed was produced by Brad Pitt.
Trevor Noah is a South African citizen.
Sarrainodu was released in 2016.
Katy Perry made a contract with Red Hill Records.
Roman Atwood was born in 1983.
Joan Collins was in Sunburn released in 1979.
Noam Chomsky studied at Harvard University.
Laura Prepon starred as Donna in That '70s Show.
Queen Victoria's offspring became King of the United Kingdom.
A Grammy award has been won by Adele.
Thinkin Bout You is Grammy nominated in the year 2013.
Seattle belongs to category as a city.
The Bravo Award is an annual prize.
Zhou Enlai was instrumental in forming domestic policy.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is a person.
Lilith translates to "night monster."
FC Barcelona has won World titles in soccer.
Jamie Foxx was born in a time.
Green Day has made at least eight studio albums.
John McCain is an American citizen.
Ramzan Kadyrov established the Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup.
Samuel Witwer is from the Western Hemisphere.
Holly Hunter has won an Emmy.
An actor won an Academy Award for Crash.
The Breakfast Club featured Emilio Estevez.
Leslie Howard directed professionally.
Justin Bieber recorded Love Yourself.
Christian Bale worked with David O. Russell.
Lynyrd Skynyrd has a lead vocalist.
Legion is played by an English actor.
Venus has the densest atmosphere of the terrestrial planets.
Tom Felton was in The Borrowers as Peagreen Clock.
The Silence of the Lambs is about apprehending someone.
Norovirus causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Socrates did philosophy.
Avril Lavigne is the singer and songwriter of My Happy Ending.
Richard Gere won a Screen Actors Guild award.
The RMS Titanic called at France.
Andrew Jackson was a Supreme Court justice.
Boardwalk Empire is a drama.
Katy Perry is not the stage name of Katy Hudson.
Dennis Hopper starred in Blue Velvet.
Philip V of Spain was a member of a European royal house.
Memento achieved $39.7 million.
Felicity Huffman is an actress on stage.
Bradford is the location of the Alhambra theater, named after the Alhambra palace.
WALL-E had a $180 million budget.
Taylor Swift holds five Guinness World Records.
The Catalyst is by American rock band Linkin Park.
Frank Sedgman is a retired World No. 1 amateur tennis champion.
Winona Ryder is in Mermaids.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative work.
Just Dance is a record.
Lions are social.
Ready Player One was sold in 2010.
The United States of America is the birthplace of Lisa Bonet.
The Conjuring 2 was authored by Carey Hayes.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was created in 1701.
Machu Picchu is an Inca citadel created in the 1450s.
Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati hosts 18.25 million visitors per year.
WALL-E won an award.
Warm Leatherette is by a songwriter.
Poland is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe.
Estella Warren is a synchronized swimmer formerly.
Enemy (2013 film) stars Sarah Gadon.
Steven Tyler plays more than one instrument.
Ballet Shoes was produced by the British company Granada Productions.
Lake Powell is mostly located in Utah.
Harald V of Norway married a person.
Ulysses S. Grant worked with a US president.
Juliette Binoche played the leading role in a film.
Tom Hiddleston appeared in a Jim Jarmusch film.
Sarcoidosis is described as a non-painful skin disease.
The Constitution of Denmark was signed in June of 1849.
Moscow is in European Russia in the Central Federal District.
Margot Kidder portrayed a character on R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour.
Home Alone was released in the nineties.
The Dayton Agreement was signed into law.
Red was inspired by a comic book series written by two people.
Byron Haskin was someone Paul Mantee has worked with.
Oh Yeon-seo worked in a K-pop girl group.
Judith Barsi appeared in films.
Life After Death is by an American.
Wyatt Earp was arrested for stealing.
Phil Mickelson is a professional golfer.
Katy Perry is the stage name of Katy Hudson since 2001.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the final novel of the Harry Potter series that began in 1997.
Alexander Lebedev was listed in a magazine.
Clarence Thomas was raised in the state of Georgia.
Drax the Destroyer was a character created by Jim Starlin.
A phylogenetic tree shows inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species.
Jeff Bridges played Otis "Bad" Blake in the first half of Crazy Heart.
Furia is written by a filmmaker.
Bruce Willis is a person.
Newfoundland and Labrador is linguistically homogeneous.
Bharat Arun is incapable of being an Indian Test cricketer.
The Crown (TV series) featured a Winston Churchill portrayal.
The internet does not contain both local and global networks.
Nepal is a member of the SAARC.
In The New Adventures of Old Christine, Julia Louis-Dreyfus played Christine Campbell.
Kirk Douglas's professions include actor, producer, director, and author.
Jerry Maguire was produced by a producer of the animated show The Simpsons.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based on a book.
Mark Zuckerberg co-founded a website.
Theodore Roosevelt thought about running for president in 1920.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Ashley Judd is involved in global humanitarian efforts.
United States contains cities.
David Bowie received gold certifications in the United States.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in the soap opera.  Kumkum Bhagya
The Bulls were in the 1991 NBA playoffs.
Frank Sinatra was a thespian performer.
Mexico went to war with France in the 19th century.
Inhumans first appeared in the Fantastic Four number 45 comic book.
World War II included a military campaign in North Africa.
The 23rd governor of Arizona is Doug Ducey.
Ballet Shoes was produced by the British company Granada Productions.
Until Dawn is a game.
Frank Sinatra was a thespian performer.
The windigo is a type of being.
Jon Huntsman Jr. became a White House staff assistant in the 1980s.
Eleveneleven was founded by a woman.
Jeff Bezos founded something.
An actor was the winner of a BAFTA Award for Crash.
Masaccio was involved in Renaissance art.
Avatar: The Last Airbender's main character was Aang.
Kristen Bell has been on television.
Abraham Lincoln was once rivals with Stephen A. Douglas.
Amy Poehler is an American.
The United Kingdom has the world's ninth-largest economy by one measure.
Daddy Yankee's record sold more copies than any other Latin music records of the decade.
Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy.
Venus orbits the Sun.
Nick Nolte was a cast member in The Thin Red Line.
David Beckham began playing for Manchester United in 1992.
Ellen DeGeneres married an actress.
Injustice 2 includes a leveling system.
Clementine Chapel allows access to pilgrims.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term restricted by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Tom Felton worked for a cast member of The Borrowers.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Following is a neo-noir drama film.
Josh Duhamel is a former fashion model.
Logan Lerman played a character in The Three Musketeers (2011).
The Hunger Games is a sci-fi movie.
Winona Ryder was a cast member of a movie.
Lil Wayne has released music.
Kurt Sutter is the creator of Sons of Anarchy.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher (2000).
David Bowie was from England.
Coronary artery disease can be prevented by eating a healthy diet.
The Right Stuff was adapted from a book.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was an American rock guitarist.
Thirteen Reasons Why is a young adult novel.
History of art includes Poetry.
Glen Campbell has won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards.
WeChat is an app from China.
My Own Private Idaho premiered in the early 90's.
The Twilight Zone is an anthology series.
Cher is one of the best-selling music artists.
Judd Apatow produced Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
One of lung cancer's symptoms is quickening of breath.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude agricultural development.
Psychology is included in International Relations.
Hong Kong maintains a separate economic system.
Christopher Marlowe is a person.
WALL-E is a winner of a Hugo Award.
WALL-E earned $533.3 million worldwide.
David Simon was born in 1960.
Flatland is part of the terrain of Kazakhstan.
Odin was known in Old Saxon mythology as Wōdan.
Dogs were the first domesticated species and are sister taxa to the gray wolf.
The wendigo is a cannibal monster.
Mariah Carey is female.
Jackie Evancho is someone who has acted in a film during 2013.
Tim Burton directed Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Richard III of England was King of England during the Middle Ages.
Saving Private Ryan portrays war.
Maggie Gyllenhaal was in a film written by Susanna White.
Medina was Muhammad's destination.
Bob Marley began with a band.
Boyz II Men is a group of four singers.
The Ten Commandments relate to ethics and worship through biblical law.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a person.
Stagira had at least two shrines.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character on NCIS.
Miranda Cosgrove is a woman.
Suits (TV series) features performer Gina Torres.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a woman.
Journey's fourth album was Infinity, released in 1978.
Suits (TV series) features performer Gina Torres.
David Bowie was from England.
Ramayanam is a Telugu film.
Life After Death is by an American.
Katie Holmes is an American citizen.
Chris Hardwick is a comedian.
Judd Apatow produced a film.
Kmart has stores in operation in a group of islands in the Caribbean that are an insular area of the United States.
WWI began in Europe.
The Beach Boys are a group.
International Relations includes technology and engineering, economics, communication studies, history, international law, demography, philosophy, geography, social work, sociology, anthropology, criminology, psychology, gender studies, cultural studies, culturology, and diplomacy, globalization, diplomatic relations, state sovereignty, international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, nationalism, economic development, global finance, as well as terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights, as well, as, more recently, comparative religion.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of crime detective fiction.
The Big Chill stars an Oscar nominated actor.
System of a Down has sold albums around the world.
Daz Dillinger is from California.
Jesus performed an action.
Kiiara's music is electronic pop featuring heavy bass.
Tanya Roberts was born on the 10th month of the calendar year.
The Lion King is a film.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in July of 1856.
Tiger Woods won The Silver Medal at The Open Championship.
Robert Browning wrote poetry.
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Zeus is the child of Rhea.
Asteroid Day is an event that occurs every year.
Human Rights is included in International Relations.
Batman Begins is considered one of the best superhero films.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children takes place on Cairnholm.
Carmelo Anthony is a sportsman.
The English language is influenced by Germanic languages.
Triple H's name stands for Hunter Hearst Helmsley.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features Mick Jones.
Israel hosts a population of asylum seekers from a place.
Moscow is in European Russia in the Central Federal District.
Eric Singer has performed with a musician.
J. Cole founded the Dreamville Foundation.
Michelle Williams is a person.
Equidae is a family.
The Shield had Michael Chiklis in a main role.
Jules Dumont d'Urville was a traveler.
Chandni stars an actor born in October.
Lyme disease causes erythema migrans.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker.
Randy Orton is American.
Ice is a form of water.
Newcastle United F.C. has a traditional crest.
Aishwarya Rai was in several television commercials.
Halle Berry acted in Monster's Ball and modeled for Revlon.
Saswata Chatterjee is an Indian citizen.
Asset management may apply to a type of asset that involves humans.
J. Cole was the founder of the Dreamville Foundation.
Kurt Angle is a TNA World Heavyweight Championship winner.
Boyapati Srinu directed Sarrainodu.
Mike Judge is a person.
Kiiara's music is electronic pop featuring heavy bass.
Bangladesh has been affected by poverty and violence.
Lauren Graham is a writer.
Katherine Heigl appeared in a science fiction television series.
Jamie Foxx is an American.
Bad Boy Entertainment was created by Sean Combs in 1993.
Celine Dion sings in French.
Zendaya is a professional dancer.
Robbie Collin studied a branch of philosophy.
Fred Trump engaged in philanthropy.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher (2000).
Keith Urban was born in a country.
Anne Frank was a person.
Ilkhanate was established as a political entity.
Lahore is home to multiple UNESCO World Heritage Sites including Lahore Fort and the Shalimar Gardens.
Serbia has a high rank on the Social Progress Index.
Anna Paquin acted in at least one film.
The Olympic Games has sport competitions.
Cupid (2009 TV series) is a comedy-drama.
Inhumans's lead character's real name is Blackagar Boltagon.
Gwen Stefani is the co-founder of No Doubt along with others.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as General Motors.
Anne Hathaway won an award.
Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer worked together to produce The Rock.
The Second Punic War lasted from 218 BC to 201 BC.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Alandi is in India.
Christian Bale acted in multiple Batman films.
Adam West was born in 1928.
Dr. Dre put out the album 2001 in 1999.
Mirka Federer is an athlete.
Kong: Skull Island stars Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, and Jing Tian.
Johnny Mnemonic was released in the United States.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term with restricted use.
Sam Worthington was born 2 August 1976.
The September 11 attacks killed 2,996 people.
John Nash built the Brighton.
Britney Spears starred in Crossroads.
Islam had a prophet named Abraham.
An example of a television personality was Steve Irwin.
Richard Ramirez terrorized residents.
The Wayans Bros. is a television show on the WB.
Intimacy's (film) director is Patrice Chéreau.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia for eighteen years.
Unleashed features Bob Hoskins.
The Guest stars an actor.
Eddie Vedder released a soundtrack for Into the Wild.
John Stewart was the first African American superhero to appear in DC comics.
Black Sabbath is from Birmingham.
The capital of Australia is not New York.
Rebecca Hall was in a film.
Guardians of the Galaxy was released in the United States in 2014.
Tropic Thunder was created by Stiller.
Richard Gere starred in a film from 2012.
Farrah Fawcett acted in Sunburn.
The Voice was continued for a thirteenth season in 2016.
Doctor Doom is the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria.
Clarice Starling is a The Silence of the Lambs character.
The Mummy is a horror movie.
Impeachment is only the first step towards removal.
Michelle Williams started her career with guest appearances on television.
Yamaha Corporation is made up of multiple partners and subsidiaries.
Stockard Channing is an actress.
At least two albums have been released by The Weeknd.
Cara Delevingne had roles that are major.
Robert J. O'Neill is a former United States Navy sailor.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced in June of 2009.
Narcolepsy can disrupt sleep.
Natalie Portman portrayed Padmé Amidala.
Wyatt Earp was a saloon-keeper.
Judd Apatow produced a film.
Eminem is in 8 Mile.
The Boot Monument is located in Saratoga National Historical Park in New York.
Boston had a public school.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was recorded by a singer from a country.
A Grammy award has been won by Adele.
Jeremy Allen White was in The Speed of Life.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by American actor Sean Patrick Flanery.
Buzz Aldrin is an engineer.
Naomi Scott starred in a movie.
Oh Yeon-seo is a person.
Code Geass has been adapted into other media.
Dean Martin was a comedian.
Escape from Planet Earth is a science fiction film.
Indian was produced by A. M. Rathnam.
Outkast is composed of Andre 3000 and Big Boi.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a film directed by Tim Miller.
The Minnesota Vikings have lost the Super Bowl every time they've played.
Joss Whedon wrote The Avengers.
The Netherlands has a city with a name.
A mole is a structure.
The Void was produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker.
John Malkovich starred in a movie.
Carmelo Anthony led the Orangemen to a National Championship.
Furious 7 finished filming in summer 2014.
Diana is a studio album.
Shueisha is a Japanese publisher.
Barry Gibb was in a band which became the Bee Gees.
Robert Lee Yates is an American.
Tom Cruise starred in at least one film from the 1980s.
Billy Joel is a singer-songwriter and pianist.
Gabourey Sidibe acted in Precious.
Ministates include San Marino in Europe.
Samoa Joe has a tag team championship.
Champion was based off of a story by Ring Lardner.
Dogstar (band) released an album.
William McKinley served as a US president.
Ted Bundy committed murders.
Thomas Pynchon published short stories in the early 1960s.
An unincorporated territory of the United States is Puerto Rico.
Thirteen Reasons Why is a young adult novel.
Pink Floyd has a long format collection of songs called Wish You Were Here.
Fences is a film.
Ecuador borders Colombia to the north.
Inhumans first appeared in the Fantastic Four number 45 comic book.
Greenwich is in England.
Umbrella is a recording.
One vlogger is Roman Atwood.
Hilary Swank was born in 1974.
Tetris has sold approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones.
Helen Gardner received a master's degree in 1918.
Bill Gates was a CEO.
David Mazouz is an actor on the TV show Gotham.
Nicolas Cage was born as Nicolas Kim Coppola.
Michael Caine was in Inception.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a Belgian film producer.
Thandie Newton has appeared in American films
Tim Henman plays tennis.
The 2016 Summer Olympics was held in August.
Marilyn Monroe was a celebrity.
Boromir makes an appearance in The Fellowship of the Ring.
Abraham Lincoln was once rivals with Stephen A. Douglas.
Troy Baker was a member of an indie-rock band.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA in April of 2015.
Jazz Jennings has an online presence.
The Getaway has a track called Go Robot.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Shahid Kapoor is an award-ceremony host.
Legion is played by an English actor.
One city in Benin is Cotonou.
Naruto first aired before 2007.
Robert Redford was a guest star on the anthology horror series Twilight Zone.
Terminator Genisys is a film.
Instant film was introduced by Polaroid.
Letty is played by Michelle Rodriguez.
Rod Serling clashed with people over war.
Stephen Rider is an American actor.
The Hunger Games is a sci-fi movie.
Rabat is a capital city.
Famous in Love stars an actor.
The Supremes were an American singing group.
Hotell is a Swedish film.
Impeachment is only the first step towards removal.
Colin Quinn was born on June 6.
How to Be is a 2008 film.
Sharon Stone starred in a movie.
Bobby Moore's caps record for outfield players was beaten by David Beckham in 2009.
How to Be is a 2008 French independent comedy-drama film.
An Indian actor born in December starred in Laadla.
Furious 7 began principal photography in 2013.
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office.
Gold has a distinctive feature.
Bruce Willis is an American actor.
Memento received a nomination.
The Bridges of Madison County is a film.
Moana is a computer-animated film from 2016.
Ringo Starr has been featured in movies.
Bob Arum is the founder of a professional boxing promotion company.
The Mummy is a reboot of an earlier film.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by funk.
Edward Norton directed Keeping the Faith.
Danny DeVito does work on the World Wide Web.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Kazakhstan is a democratic country.
Emmy Rossum was in an adaptation.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by an Oscar-nominated American composer and lyricist.
René Descartes has argued for the Existence of God.
American art culture has been influenced by Billy Joel.
Radiohead has used pay-what-you-want.
David Beckham began playing for Manchester United in 1992.
Allure is a magazine from the United States.
Hannah Montana had Miley Cyrus in it.
William McKinley was a person involved in professional politics.
Heather Watson is a tennis player.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious outcast.
Bradley Cooper is a person.
Eric Singer has done a performance with Badlands.
Lisa Kudrow starred in a series.
Frances is Carrie Fisher's middle name.
Overwatch premiered in 2014.
Jamie Foxx won an award.
Overwatch (video game) had character introduction through animation.
The Bourne Supremacy stars Joan Allen.
United States Congress has voting members.
Wiz Khalifa's name from birth is Cameron Jibril Thomaz.
Ilkhanate was established as a political entity.
International Relations includes demography.
Reuters transmits news in Japanese.
Chandni stars an actor born in October.
Timber is by Pitbull.
Atomic Blonde is based on The Coldest City.
Harry Styles had his first acting role in the film Dunkirk.
Milla Jovovich played the lead role in Return to the Blue Lagoon in 1991.
The Breakfast Club was directed by John Hughes and went on to be a classic.
Justin Bieber has won the American Music Award for Artist of the Year.
The Uruguay national football team won the 1980 Mundialito.
Felicity Jones appeared in 2007 drama Northanger Abbey.
Nick Nolte was born in the 1940s.
FX aired It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia for the first time.
Ron Swanson married and divorced two women named Tammy.
A total of $539 million was grossed by the Underworld film series.
Constantine has plot elements taken from a comic book story arc.
Joey Graceffa is a YouTube personage.
Chelsea F.C. is a Premier League football club in London.
Arrested Development is about a dysfunctional family.
Texas's land are has some desert.
David Tennant portrayed the Tenth Doctor on Doctor Who.
John Cusack has worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Pablo Escobar was a drug smuggler.
The Man in the High Castle takes place in 1962.
Cara Delevingne portrayed Margo Roth Spiegelman in Paper Towns (2015).
Diseases also proliferated along the Silk Road.
FX television channel premiered Damages (TV series).
John Lennon moved to a place.
Jeff Bridges played Otis "Bad" Blake in the first half of Crazy Heart.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is an album.
Saving Private Ryan portrays war.
Ramayanam is a 1996 film in the Telugu language.
Inhumans's lead character's real name is Blackagar Boltagon.
Popeye features Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl.
Gustave Eiffel focused on meteorology research.
Estella Warren is a former swimmer.
Lupe Fiasco is an American rapper.
Steven Tyler is a former competition judge.
Robert Duvall starred in five films.
The Caracazo took place in Caracas and the surrounding towns.
Ghostbusters was released theatrically in the United States in 2016.
Glenn Frey was a member of the Eagles.
2001: A Space Odyssey was edited.
Kathy Bates played a major role in a movie.
Queen Victoria's son belonged to a house.
Felicity Jones portrayed a character.
Katie Holmes is an American citizen.
Aaliyah worked with two record producers.
Detroit is a city.
John Williams works with Steven Spielberg.
De Profundis was written by Oscar Wilde.
John Cusack is an actor.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born in February.
My Bloody Valentine 3D was edited by a human.
Felicity Jones appeared in 2007 drama Northanger Abbey.
Mother Teresa received a prize.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number when he played baseball was 42.
The bassist for Gorillaz, Murdoc Niccals, is a made up character.
Alternative rock is played by Gorillaz
Anne Hathaway played Mia Thermopolis.
San Francisco is Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary's location.
Nicolas Cage was born as Nicolas Kim Coppola.
Elementary has a character.
Akbar was a patron of art.
Thinkin Bout You was nominated for Record of the Year.
Diana Ross was given the title of the most successful female performing artist of all time.
Andorra borders only land.
Glee ended on FOX network.
Trevor Noah is South African.
Slovakia is a place that is landlocked.
Richard Curtis is the co-founder of the charity Comic Relief.
Splash starred Tom Hanks and John Candy.
The Invention of Lying was released in the US in 2009.
Kurt Angle is an American professional wrestler that was formerly an amateur.
Jamie Foxx is from America..
Moana is a North American film.
In & Out is an American film.
Gold has a distinctive feature.
Usher was born in Texas.
Matthew Modine played a character on Stranger Things.
Tony Blair was elected after a politician's sudden death.
Quinoa is a flowering plant.
Taipei is the capital.
Rear Window (1998 film) stars Daryl Hannah and Christopher Reeves.
Usain Bolt participated in the Olympics in 2008.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars an American actor born in 1972.
The alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for best novel.
Delhi is on land.
An Academy-Award winning documentary film was made about Al Gore.
Led Zeppelin II was released by Atlantic Records in 1969.
Tom Welling played in a superhero drama.
O. J. Simpson has been charged with more than one felony.
Led Zeppelin formed in London.
Kathy Bates received the Academy Award for Best Actress.
There has been an appearance by Alicia Keys in a 2007 American comedy-drama film.
J. Cole was born on January 28th, 1985.
Up All Night is an album by the English-Irish pop boy band One Direction.
Hawaii is among the top twenty most densely populated states in the US.
Ted Kennedy was a senator.
Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner.
Bridge of Spies was co-produced by a man.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer formerly.
Soccer is played in Paris.
Give Me Everything is the second single from Planet Pit.
Jon Snow is a character on an HBO series.
Carole King writes and performs songs.
Katy Perry is the stage name of Katy Hudson since 2001.
Transformers: Age of Extinction stars Peter Cullen as Optimus Prime.
Gregor Clegane is a character from a novel series in the fantasy genre.
Taylor Swift was successful in Australia.
WALL-E won an award.
A book by Larry Buttrose was the basis of Lion.
Home Alone was made in America.
Martial arts are performed by Bruce Lee.
Leonardo da Vinci was an author.
A boycott can be for social reasons.
Britney Spears is an American singer.
Role Models stars Jane Lynch.
Music includes avant-garde styles and has a long history.
George Foreman was rated as the eighth greatest heavyweight of all time by the IBRO.
Davis Entertainment's divisions develop and produce television projects.
Tom Hardy was in a post-apocalyptic film.
Sean Connery won an Academy Award.
Sons of Anarchy was made by Kurt Sutter.
Mirka Federer is Swedish.
Episodes of Sense8 were only directed by frequent collaborators of the Wachowskis.
Edgar Allan Poe was an author.
Connie Britton played a role in a horror anthology television series.
Jennifer Hudson stars in the Voice.
Mirka Federer is an athlete.
Prometheus is a 2012 film that serves as a prequel.
Luke Evans has played Dracula.
Juliette Binoche played the leading role in a film.
The Eagles released their third album in 1974.
David Simon was born in 1960.
Extreme environments can be caused by factors.
At least two albums have been released by The Weeknd.
3G data is part of the IPhone 3G.
Lisbon's population size is 552,700.
Memento received a nomination.
KJ Apa has portrayed the fictional person Kane Jenkins.
Charlie Chaplin had a childhood.
Haiti shares an island in the Caribbean with the Dominican Republic.
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour.
Laurence Fishburne acted in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Red Headed Stranger is an album.
Sharon Stone starred in a movie.
License to Drive stars Corey Feldman.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon is part of the royal family of Britain.
The 1992 Los Angeles riots have many names.
George Martin worked in film.
The Girl on the Train is a mystery movie.
Boyapati Srinu directed Sarrainodu.
David Tennant received a National Television Award.
Hayden Panettiere starred in a drama.
Oh Yeon-seo is a person.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
A 2010 movie directed by Karan Johar awarded him an award.
Ford Motor Company produced vehicles in 2015.
Carrie Fisher wrote an autobiographical one-woman movie.
Olivia Wilde is a worker.
A king of Scotland was Charles II of England.
Tiger Woods reached number one ranking in the world.
Brian Helgeland wrote the screenplay of a neo-noir crime film.
George Washington was commissioned by the Second Continental Congress.
The Supernatural pilot premiered on September 13, 2005.
James Cromwell played a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
Ludacris's album is named Battle of the Sexes.
Dangerous Liaisons is a film.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player.
Evil is commonly associated with trauma.
Winona Ryder earned a Golden Globe nomination.
The Netherlands has a city named The Hague.
Britney Spears is an American singer.
Trinidad and Tobago is the place of birth of Nicki Minaj.
Frank Sinatra toured the United States.
Apps are able to be downloaded on iPhones.
Marlon Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars.
Stockard Channing is an actress.
Steve Mouzakis played the character Steven Ray.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term with restricted use.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Joseph "Jody" Summers in Baby Boy.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final included Leicester City.
Ji Chang-wook began life in 1987.
Douglas Aircraft Company did business with McDonnell Aircraft.
Nitrogen reacts with Plutonium.
Rick and Morty was created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Adult Swim.
Gabourey Sidibe acted in Precious.
John D. Rockefeller controlled oil in the United States.
Miyu Irino was born in Tokyo.
Patricia Clarkson acts in the movie No Reservations.
The Chelsea F.C. is English.
Phil Mickelson is a professional golfer.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to an American biographical drama film.
Mariah Carey is referred to as the "bird supreme" by the Guinness World Records.
Yung Rich Nation was produced by a Canadian.
Norovirus is a common cause of viral gastroenteritis.
Gerard Butler has appeared on television.
The Eagles are a band.
Didier Drogba was captain of the Ivory Coast national team.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character portrayed by Mark Harmon.
The cell is a basic unit of biology.
Alexander Hamilton raised an artillery company in 1776.
Bharat Arun is incapable of being an Indian Test cricketer.
Reba McEntire has a career.
Sriti Jha performs the leading role in an Hindi-language TV show.
Kurt Angle has competed in competitive matches like King of the Mountain.
Michael Caine starred in a movie.
The internet originated in research conducted in the 20th century.
Serena Williams has won four Olympic gold medals.
Black Sails was renewed for a fourth season.
Trevor Noah hosts The Daily Show.
The 2014 WTA Finals began on October 17th, 2014.
River Phoenix rose to fame from being in films and television appearances.
Winona Ryder is in Mermaids.
Jason Bateman was in a show.
The Hobbit is a three film series.
The Italian language is spoken by communities in the Americas.
Furia is French.
Trevor Baxter went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi is someone who was the 22nd person to govern a place.
Fairfield Grammar School was in Europe.
50 First Dates was worked on by Peter Segal.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA on April 13, 2015.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Indian first came out in 1996.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
IO Theater is a training center.
Susan Atkins was a California inmate.
The Beach Boys is a group.
The West Wing consists of the Oval Office.
Kenny Rogers is featured in the poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
Dracula is a novel by an Irish author.
Keanu Reeves played Hamlet.
Negan is a character in a television series.
Legally Blonde stars Reese Witherspoon and Luke Wilson.
Moscow has museums.
Ed Sheeran is English.
Diseases also proliferated along the Silk Road.
Spain shares a border with Morocco.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Elton John was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.
Jamie Foxx's time-point of birth is in the 20th century.
Lisbon's population size is 552,700.
Martin Scorsese founded The Film Foundation.
Serbia has a high rank on an index.
Thailand is not a constitutional monarchy.
Taiwan is a state in East Asia.
The North Bay Region contains Vallejo, California.
Eleveneleven was founded by a woman.
Carrie Fisher played Princess Leia in Star Wars.
Andre Agassi is not a tennis player.
Furia is adapted from a short story by Julio Cortazar.
Tropic Thunder was written by Justin Theroux along with others.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1996.
Hisense acquired at least one right in 2015.
Nepal is a South Asian country.
Dragon is taken from a linguistic system indigenous to sections of the Eastern Mediterranean.
Alkaline Trio's debut album is Goddamnit.
Bruce Willis is an actor.
Barry Gibb was in a band which became the Bee Gees.
Bali is between Java and Lombok via maritime borders.
John Heard won an award at the Emmys.
Dungeons & Dragons was published by Tactical Studies Rules, Inc.
Nickelodeon has programs targeted at kids aged 0-7.
Ciara Bravo is included in To The Bone.
Carrie Fisher played Princess Leia in Star Wars.
The Netherlands has a city with a name.
Kaitlin Olson was a part of the improvisational group the Groundlings.
Troy Baker was a member of an indie-rock band.
Maisie Williams appeared in Game of Thrones.
Beautiful People had series.
The 1992 Los Angeles riots have many names.
Soundgarden is a rock band.
Man of Steel is a film.
Phil Mickelson won the 142nd Open Championship which was played in Scotland.
Cheaper by the Dozen starred Steve Martin.
Thiokol was concerned with rubber.
Rajon Rondo is a four-time NBA All-Star as well as a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member.
Adolf Hitler didn't cause the Holocaust.
David Tennant received a National Television Award.
De Profundis was inscribed to "Bosie."
Woody Allen is a musician.
Diane Ruggiero has worked as a writer.
Welcome Back (film) features an actor.
Hopman Cup has been attended monthly by Harry Hopman's widow.
Drake is from Canada.
Love Aaj Kal is produced by Dinesh Vijan and Saif Ali Khan.
This Sporting Life got Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
Estella Warren is a fashion model.
Stevie Nicks released "Bella Donna" which reached platinum status less than three months after its release.
Tunisia was introduced to Christianity and its variations.
Shueisha is a Japanese publisher.
Iron Man 3 had a director.
Alicia Silverstone starred in a film directed by Amy Heckering.
Science fiction is the genre of Back to the Future Part II.
Helen Gardner received a master's degree in 1918.
Glee was nominated for an award.
William Shatner played T. J. Hooker in the show T. J. Hooker.
Neil Patrick Harris was on How I Met Your Mother as Barney Stinson.
Bentley markets cars.
Arrow is a TV series.
The Beach Boys had over eighty worldwide chart songs.
Dennis Hopper starred in Blue Velvet.
Joan Collins was in Sunburn released in 1979.
The Mummy is an American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman.
Egypt is a member of an organization.
An American composed Everybody Needs a Best Friend.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of racial injustice.
Laura Dern was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and received acclaim.
Meghan McCain presents and contributes to Fox News.
Queen Latifah is the stage name of Dana Elaine Owens.
Xbox One possesses support for 4K video playback and upscaling.
Sharpe's Eagle has Daniel Craig in it.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in a film.
Tanya Roberts was born on the 10th month of the calendar year.
In Dubious Battle featured Josh Hutcherson.
Caryn Mandabach was the producer of Roseanne.
Flatland is part of the terrain of Kazakhstan.
Final Fantasy XII sold over 5 million copies worldwide.
Kazakhstan is a democratic country.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song.
Yelp expanded throughout at least one continent.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude agricultural development.
Tom Cruise has been nominated for Academy Awards.
The Nile runs through Uganda.
Douglas Aircraft Company and McDonnell Aircraft formed McDonnell Douglas.
Gerard Lee is from Earth.
Saw VI is a movie in the Saw franchise.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts was formerly called the USC School of Cinema-Television.
Page Hamilton is a guitarist.
Keisuke Honda plays right wing.
Alicia Vikander had a career as a dancer.
Robert Duvall starred in numerous shows.
The largest k-12 school in Israel is located in Haifa.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam.
Brian Lynch wrote the screenplay for Puss in Boots.
Phantoms is a 1998 film.
Gianluigi Buffon won the Coppa Italia in 1999.
Celine Dion sings in French.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance was won by Radioactive.
Demi Lovato acted on Barney & Friends.
George H. W. Bush did not become a millionaire.
Ronin is a 1998 film.
The Dark Half is based on a novel called The Dark Half by Stephen King.
Hotel Hell is a television show.
Jackie Chan is a Cantopop star.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14.
In 2011's summer transfer period, a team signed Romelu Lukaku.
Ed Sheeran is English.
The Host stars an actor.
Minneapolis was at one time, the world's flour milling capital.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a film director.
Nick Kroll has acted in comedies.
Filmfare is a magazine the size of a tabloid.
Kurt Angle has competed in competitive matches like King of the Mountain.
Lumps are possible signs of cancer.
Only Lovers Left Alive is a film.
Ezra Edelman is a producer of documentaries.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in Doctor Zhivago.
Animal rights were addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was recorded by a singer from a country.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was created in 1701.
United States Congress has 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties, such as the Umayyads.
Sweden borders Norway to the west.
Tom Hanks has been awarded a Kennedy Center Honor.
Nick Kroll has acted in comedies.
Rebecca Hall was nominated for a Golden Globe for her part in Vicky Christina Barcelona.
George Best has been labelled as "the greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland."
Underworld is a movie.
Destiny does maintain lineage to the Halo series.
Kobe Bryant earned the Finals MVP Award in 2010.
John Lennon was one of the Beatles's co-founders.
Samoa Joe has a tag team championship.
Overwatch (video game) is incapable of being promoted with animated videos.
Pompeii is a historic landmark site found in Italy.
Tobey Maguire's has a middle name.
The Messenger was nominated for a Golden Globe.
Emily Blunt once won British Artist of the Year.
Karl Urban was in a film directed by J.J. Abrams.
Nicki Minaj was born on an island near South America.
Cedric Yarbrough has been in a Comedy Central television show.
George Orwell is opposed to totalitarian states.
University of Oxford is made up of a variety of colleges.
Steve Mouzakis was a cast member of a fantasy drama film.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
The cast of Good Will Hunting included Ben Affleck.
Catherina Zeta-Jones starred in A Little Night Music.
Transformers (film) is a science fiction film.
Los Angeles, California was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born in June.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for Transformers.
Lightning rod are called air terminals.
The song Don't Let Me Down was released by The Chainsmokers.
Collision Course was released by Roc-A-Fella and Machine Shop.
Larry Buttrose wrote The Maze of the Muse.
Selma Blair stars in Legally Blonde.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features members of at least one rock band.
Stranger Things has a character who can move things without touching them.
William Jennings Bryan served at least one term as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Garry Kasparov was born April 13, 1963.
Overwatch premiered in 2014.
Ranbir Kapoor co-owns Mumbai City FC.
Farrah Fawcett was in The Burning Bush.
Victor Headley was involved in the writing of Yardie.
The G1 Climax is an event.
The fifth president of Iraq was Saddam Hussein.
Reds was produced by Warren Beatty.
Ludacris was on MTV.
Paul Newman, American road racer, has won several national championships as a racer.
Logic is from a North American country.
James Taylor released a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
Scarlett Johansson was in multiple films.
Theodore Roosevelt lived an athletic lifestyle.
Frederick Trump was born in a state.
The National Security Agency is responsible for the processing of information and data for intelligence purposes.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman.
Tyrion Lannister was created by an American author.
Frank Sinatra was popular.
Odin rides a flying object.
Vikrant Massey acted in Qubool Hai.
The Beach Boys are a group.
Mr. Sunshine finished on ABC.
The Chelsea F.C. is a soccer team.
The Taj Mahal's centerpiece is a tomb.
Miley Cyrus's fifth album has a psychedelic style.
Boston attracts millions of tourists.
Jennifer Aniston is married to actor and writer Justin Theroux.
Adrien Broner was ranked fifth best boxer in the world by The Ring magazine.
Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon in the 40s BC.
Oh Yeon-seo was born in the 20th century.
Rachel McAdams was in Slings and Arrows.
Azerbaijan has a high degree of literacy.
Woody Harrelson played Woody Boyd.
Bahrain is an archipelago.
Queen Victoria's mother was Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.
Farrah Fawcett acted in the science fiction horror film Saturn 3.
Broad Green Pictures CEO is Gabriel Hammond.
Roger Penrose shared a prize with Stephen Hawking.
Oh Yeon-seo worked in a K-pop girl group.
Reds is an American epic drama film.
James Blake (musician) released his third film The Colour in Anything in 2016.
Christopher Marlowe is an English poet.
Tessanne Chin is best known for winning The Voice.
Frank is in the form of a studio album.
Avril Lavigne is a North American.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by Sean Patrick Flanery.
There were matches in eight cities in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Guardians of the Galaxy came out in American theaters.
Gorillaz play hip hop music.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for awards.
Mariah Carey was born on the 27th.
Genghis Khan's children had sons.
Jerry Lewis's birth name was Joseph Levitch.
Logic was born in January 1990.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by David Mitchell.
Geraldine Chaplin was a person with a professional vocation.
Prometheus is a 2012 film that serves as a prequel.
Robert Duvall is a person.
Con Man (web series) is a comedy web series written by Alan Tudyk.
Anthony Meindl has coached and worked with at least one actress.
Dwayne Johnson won a professional wrestling championship.
Angelina Jolie was in the film George Wallace.
Randy Orton is American.
There has been an appearance by Alicia Keys in a 2007 American comedy-drama film.
Brad Paisley was in the Grand Ole Pry.
Stevie Nicks released "Bella Donna" which reached platinum status less than three months after its release.
Michael Jackson had albums that became world-wide best-sellers.
United States Congress has voting members.
Slovakia joined the Eurozone in 2009.
Macaulay Culkin was a child actor.
Edge of Tomorrow was released in at least 35 territories in 2014.
Venus Williams is one of the best female tennis players.
Blue Velvet stars an actor.
Ice Hockey is popular in Canada, Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Slovakia, Belarus and Switzerland.
Saw VI is a horror film.
The song Don't Let Me Down was released by The Chainsmokers.
Alicia Keys debuted in a movie.
Richard III of England was King of England during the Middle Ages.
Holly Hunter is a person.
Jenna Dewan was born on Monday December 3, 1980.
Nanotechnology is on a molecular scale.
Ciara Bravo is included in To The Bone.
Roman Reigns is a  United States Champion.
A Golden Globe Award has been won by Jane Lynch.
Josh Duhamel is a former fashion model.
Anna Paquin performed a role in a film by Jane Campion.
Glee is an American TV show.
The Silence of the Lambs is about apprehending someone.
The Magna Carta pledged to protect church rights.
Giada De Laurentiis has co-hosted a show.
The Minnesota Vikings have lost the Super Bowl every time they've played.
Samsung Life Insurance is a company.
Saint Peter did not found churches.
Shantel VanSanten is American.
Farrah Fawcett was in Sunburn.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
Iron Fist is a web television series.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is shortened to NSAI.
The Guest stars an actor.
Vallejo, California is in Solano County within California.
Giacomo Casanova was from the Republic of Venice.
David Jones (video game developer) is a programmer.
The English Civil War was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations.
The Kingdom of Georgia lasted for centuries.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that had the middle name Richard.
In the California primaries, Robert F. Kennedy beat Senator Eugene McCarthy.
Monica Seles's birthplace was SFR Yugoslavia.
Dunkirk (2017 film) was shot by the Swedish-Dutch cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema.
Adderall shares a lot of chemical properties with the human trace amines.
Mickey Mantle was given the nickname The Mick by his teammates.
Tim Allen acted in a show.
Drake is from Canada.
Taipei is the capital.
Game of Thrones (season 1) is based on a novel from the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers commissioned Leslie Groves.
April was the month when the Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in the United States.
A seven time Formula One World Champion is Michael Shumacher.
New England is located in the Western Hemisphere.
Negan is a character in a television series.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who was born George Raymond Martin and it is in the fantasy genre.
Troy Baker's indie band released an album.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for The Lion King.
Dileep (actor) assisted a director.
Try was recorded by an artist.
Seth MacFarlane worked on a show.
Mr. Sunshine finished on ABC.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative projects.
Andy Warhol was the producer of a band.
Kaitlin Olson began her career in Los Angeles.
Drop Dead Gorgeous follows contestants in a pageant.
Emmy Rossum had a major role in a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama movie.
Demi Lovato's first single was "This is Me".
The Berlin Wall was not the same length as the inner German border.
The United States of America is the birthplace of Lisa Bonet.
Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner.
Garry Kasparov plays chess.
Rebecca Ferguson starred in "Life".
Cindy McCain is the wife of a man.
Evonne Goolagong Cawley was born on July 31st, 1951.
Sons of Anarchy is a creation.
Christina Aguilera sold albums.
Lexmark is a Chinese-owned corporation based in America.
Amy Poehler is an American.
The Prestige stars an actor.
Death in Paradise has received ratings.
Anaconda is on the third studio album by Nicki Minaj.
Kumkum Bhagya is an Indian soap opera.
Emily Browning made her first appearance in a movie in an Australian television movie.
Psychological horror often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable, unreliable, or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror.
Canada's official language is English.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 contains content which includes articles.
Transformers: Age of Extinction stars Peter Cullen as Optimus Prime.
Jared Leto has directed three videos.
Hate is practiced by a Hate group against a sexual orientation.
Didier Drogba is ranked fourth all-time top scorer.
GPS is part of the IPhone 3G.
Nicolas Cage is an American resident.
Hotel Hell is a television show.
Rachel McAdams completed her schooling at York University.
Catherina Zeta-Jones starred in A Little Night Music.
Avril Lavigne sang the song Complicated.
One World Trade Center is tall.
Antarctica's coast experiences an annual precipitation of eight inches.
Aaliyah titled her second album One in a Million.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by an Oscar-nominated American composer and lyricist.
International Relations includes demography.
Arkham Asylum's patients include a villain.
Jack Nicholson is the most nominated male actor in the history of the Emmys.
Spider-Man has been portrayed by Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, and Tom Holland in films.
Newfoundland and Labrador is linguistically homogeneous.
The Berlin Wall was not the same length as the inner German border.
Odin rides a flying object.
Michelle Williams was nominated for a Youth in Film.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by two guys.
Kaitlin Olson began her career in Los Angeles.
Michael Fassbender appears in the film Alien: Covenant.
Roman Atwood is a prankster.
Andorra is landlocked.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is James.
Shania Twain plays music.
Mike Judge is a director.
Eagles second live album was Hell Freezes Over.
Planet of the Apes is an American film.
Klute is an American film.
The Carolina Panthers is based in North Carolina.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by two guys.
Iris Murdoch was a writer.
Michelle Obama gave speeches at two Democratic National Conventions.
Tamara Taylor was born in the summer or fall.
Broadcast News is a 1987 film.
Margaret Atwood is a novelist who writes poetry.
Episodes of Sense8 were only directed by frequent collaborators of the Wachowskis.
New York contains Niagara Falls in the north.
David Cronenberg has a cameo in To Die For.
Gujarat has a coastline.
O. J. Simpson was born July 9th, 1947.
Delta Air Lines is a carrier.
The killer whale is an oceanic dolphin.
Birth complications may result in hearing loss.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as another automaker.
Jeff Bezos founded the website Amazon.com.
Robert Lee Yates killed thirteen women.
Andrew Jackson was a person.
The United States has over 324 million people.
Conor McGregor signed with the UFC.
Giampaolo Pazzini represented his country, Italy, at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Overwatch (video game) had character introduction through animation.
Jorah Mormont is played by a Scottish actor of the stage.
Tom Felton is an actor.
Philadelphia is home to the first U.S. medical school, founded in 1765.
Beautiful won a Grammy award.
Juliette Binoche worked with André Téchiné.
Glee had a first season.
Gianluigi Buffon won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year for the second time in June of 2003.
Slash was in a band.
Tunisia was introduced to Christianity and its variations.
Wentworth's filming took place in Clayton, Victoria.
Yardie is a work.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Lil Wayne has released the album Tha Carter IV.
George Tuska wrote under the pen name Carl Larson.
Greyson Chance is a singer.
The first woman to be entombed in the Pantheon in Paris based on her own merits was Marie Curie.
Nitrogen reacts with Plutonium.
Chris Hemsworth is an actor.
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
Michael Douglas and James Bridges have worked together.
A Golden Globe Award has been won by Jane Lynch.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in the 20th century.
Texas has piney woods.
The filming of Arsenic and Old Lace occurred in 1941.
Syd Barrett was the lead guitarist for Pink Floyd.
Reese Witherspoon serves on the committee of the Children's Defense Fund.
Here Comes the Sun was recorded by a British band.
Unleashed is a movie.
Jennifer Grey was born on March 26th, 1960.
George Washington served as the first president.
The English Civil War was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations.
Escape from Planet Earth is a science fiction film.
Kurt Angle has twice won the King of the Mountain match.
Pregnancy symptoms include various ailments.
Furious 7 finished filming in summer 2014.
The Host stars an actor.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Ron Cobb is an artist.
Steve Jobs was a businessman.
Mirka Federer is Swedish.
Andorra is landlocked.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1996.
Earl Warren held the office of Chief Justice of the United States for 16 years.
Abraham Lincoln lost a Senate race to Stephen A. Douglas.
The Comeback has at least one season.
Lipstick Under My Burkha has audio pornography as well as sexual scenes.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to show at least one emotion.
Ted Kaczynski produced a manifesto.
Maggie Gyllenhaal has the birthday of November 16, 1977.
The Great Debaters features Jermaine Williams in a starring role.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's breakthrough film as an actor was released in 1982.
The Invention of Lying's cast includes Jonah Hill.
Ready Player One was sold in 2010.
God in Islam's theology is the creator of everything in existence.
Gia is a film that dramatizes the life of Gia Marie Carangi.
The Emoji Movie was produced by an animation studio.
Apple's year of founding was 1976.
Andrew Jackson was a person.
Aishwarya Rai received the fourth highest civilian award called Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009.
Marble Hill, Manhattan is a New York City neighborhood.
Pitch Perfect 3 stars Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle.
Cracks's had its theatrical release in UK and Ireland.
Coldplay is from Britain.
Steven Tyler sings lead vocals for a Boston-based rock band.
John Lennon was a writer.
Conan O'Brien is a producer of television.
Philosophy is included in International Relations.
Portia de Rossi worked with an actor.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was accused of a crime.
The cell is the basic biological and functional unit of all living organisms.
Twitter had more than 100 million users in winter of 2012.
The Xbox One uses an input device called the Kinect.
Hunter S. Thompson was a journalist.
A school Alexander Hamilton attended was located in Manhattan.
John Williams works with Steven Spielberg.
Sa Talaiassa is a mountain.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was in an American science-fiction film.
Aruba is without administrative subdivisions.
Psychology is a branch of academic study.
Saskatchewan had an estimated population of 1,114,170 in December of 2013.
The internet originated in research conducted in the 20th century.
Ulysses S. Grant served as President of the United States.
Heather Watson is a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion.
GPS is part of the IPhone 3G.
Music Bank (TV series) has had Ji Sung as a host.
Famous in Love stars an actor.
Cosmopolitan was transformed into a literary magazine before changing again.
Snoop Dogg was in the main cast of the film short Murder Was the Case.
Steve Mouzakis was a cast member of a fantasy drama film.
2001: A Space Odyssey was edited.
Rajon Rondo is a defensive basketball player.
Ruth Negga is a film actress.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the Safari web browser.
England shares land borders with Scotland and Wales.
1965 was the year J. K. Rowling was born.
Instant film was introduced by Polaroid.
Rod Serling clashed with people over war.
Phantoms is a 1998 film.
Ilkhanate contained large amounts of territory.
Edward Norton directed Keeping the Faith.
Gerald Ford was the President of the United States.
H. H. Holmes was the owner of a building located west of Chicago.
Justin Timberlake made an appearance on Star Search.
The United States was not in a state of geopolitical tension with the Soviet Union after World War II.
The Berlin Wall was not as long as the inner German border.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA in April of 2015.
Animal Farm is included in Time's All-Time 100 Novels selection.
Titanic is a motion picture.
War Dogs stars an actor.
J. Cole was born on January 28th, 1985.
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider has an appearance by Daniel Craig.
Fairfield Grammar School was in Europe.
The Void was previously shown at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival.
Michelle Williams was nominated for a Youth in Film.
Ringo Starr experienced two life-threatening illnesses during childhood.
John McCain adheres to conservative principles.
Billy Clanton has stolen something.
Miyu Irino voices a character in a game series owned by Disney Interactive Studios.
Barack Obama will have a presidential library built in his honor.
The United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean.
Nick Nolte was a cast member in The Thin Red Line.
Popeye features Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl.
Dopamine is in the brain.
Life Is Peachy is a 1996 album.
Don't Forget Where You Belong was written by Niall Horan.
Devdas won awards.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at an arena.
Nigeria is in a continent.
David Mazouz played Jacob Bohm.
Tom Hardy was in a post-apocalyptic film.
Flash Thompson becomes friends with Peter Parker.
Earl Warren held the office of Chief Justice of the United States for 16 years.
Poland is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe.
Odin is from Norse Mythology.
The Fujitsu iPAD is a device that is designed to be held in the hands.
Jeremy Allen White was in The Speed of Life.
Yale School of Drama was first founded in the year 1924.
Jackfruit is autochthonous to parts of Southeast Asia.
Karl Urban played Eomer in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Cher is one of the best-selling music artists.
Ludacris was on MTV.
Kathy Bates played a major role in a movie.
Big Bang released a Japanese album at some point.
Karan Johar is a film director.
Ariana Grande's albums have been certified platinum.
Cheaper by the Dozen starred Steve Martin.
Cara Delevingne had a major role as Kath Talent in a thriller film.
Leonardo da Vinci was an author.
Bobby Moore was a footballer.
Guardians of the Galaxy came out in American theaters.
Mike Tyson boxed professionally.
Portia de Rossi worked with an actor.
Seppuku is a ritual.
Elvis was directed by a man.
Tom Cruise has been nominated for Academy Awards.
Lithuania's capital, and largest city, is Vilnius.
Alec Sokolow produced the fantasy film Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber.
Bob Arum is the founder of a company.
Caitlyn Jenner is a transgender woman.
Penny Dreadful had episodes.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties, such as the Umayyads.
Venus Williams plays singles in tennis.
Shakira is a dancer.
Budapest was involved in the Hungarian Revolution.
The Eagles are a band.
The World According to Paris starred Hilton's then-boyfriend.
Gia is a movie.
Taal was romantic.
Robert Bolt was the screenwriter for The Bounty.
Colin Firth was nominated for an Academy Award.
Karan Johar is a film director.
Olivia Munn has a career.
Bhagat Singh was a movie role performed by Ajay Devgn.
Less than 50% of Texas's land area is desert.
Costa Rica is in Central America.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded in 1898.
Tender Mercies is a film from the 1980's.
Jerry Maguire was worked on by Leigh Steinberg.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American girls.
Austria is neutral.
Asia is south of an ocean.
In the comedy Get Him to the Greek Nick Kroll has a supporting role.
Hot was by a British pop singer.
Observer Media is a company.
River Phoenix rose to fame from being in films and television appearances.
Futurama has merchandise that is related to it.
Rolling Stone magazine labeled Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Seventies."
William Shakespeare is widely regarded as the world's pre-eminent playwright.
Nicki Minaj was born on an island near South America.
Tom Felton has an acting career.
Steven Spielberg collaborated with Jerry Goldsmith.
Colin Quinn is an American stand-up comedian.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) failed to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
My Summer of Love is a film.
Iran is the 18th-largest city in the world.
The ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity is the United Kingdom.
Hisense acquired at least one right in 2015.
Generation X has no exact dating for its defining characteristic.
Gianluigi Buffon has won football titles.
Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean as well as a member of 8 intergovernmental organizations.
Seal performed a song.
Dominick Dunne was a journalist.
Titanic is a work.
Cannibalism is the act of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other primates.
The Nintendo Switch is a video game console that uses Joy-Con wireless controllers.
Catching Fire is a sequel to The Hunger Games.
Michelle Williams is a person.
Ilkhanate contained large amounts of territory.
Lauren Graham received one Golden Globe nomination.
Islam is a system of faith.
Danny DeVito does work on the World Wide Web.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to an American biographical drama film.
Wild has an actor.
The Simpsons is a Fox television show.
Splash is a film.
Seal is an English songwriter.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International provides education.
Green Day has made at least eight studio albums.
The biggest ethnic groups in Iraq are Arabs and Kurds.
Dumb and Dumber is a film released in 1994.
Jean-Martin Charcot was from France.
Jennifer Hudson was in a singing competition.
Rachel McAdams worked on a project directed by an American.
Las Vegas is a city.
Mariah Carey is referred to as the "bird supreme" by the Guinness World Records.
J. Cole founded Dreamville records.
Coldplay is a group.
Android was evidence in a copyright litigation.
Miranda Cosgrove is a person.
Akira Toriyama achieved mainstream recognition.
The 25th was the day a remixed version of See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was released.
Wentworth is a television series.
Rebecca Hall was in a film.
England takes its title from the Angles, a Germanic tribe.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a female actor.
Rafael Nadal won an annual tennis tournament for the eighth time in 2012.
Jimmy Wales is an American.
Xi Jinping was the Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Marble Hill, Manhattan is a New York City neighborhood.
Saint Peter did not found churches.
Above the Law was released in 1988.
Las Vegas's population growth has increased revenue.
American art culture has been influenced by Billy Joel.
Didier Drogba was a former team captain.
World War I involved the world's economic great powers.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 contains content which includes articles.
Sansa Stark is a fictional person in Game of Thrones.
Nepal is the 93rd largest country in the world by area.
Richard Gere starred in a film from 2012.
Dead Man Down stars an Irish actor born in 1976.
Lily James appeared in television roles.
Reese Witherspoon serves on the committee of the Children's Defense Fund.
Quinoa is in the amaranth family.
Michael McCary was a bass singer in Boyz II Men.
David Bowie received gold certifications in the United States.
Splatoon 2 is a game.
Edward I of England responded to a second rebellion with a full-scale war of attrition.
Ireland is not landlocked.
Destiny was released on September 9, 2014.
Tanzania is a place.
Robert Duvall starred in five films.
The ability to search telephone records without court order will be granted to the FBI from the Patriot Act.
United States Congress has 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.
San Francisco is the location of a bridge.
Followers of asceticism eschew pleasures.
Emily Browning made her first appearance in a movie in an Australian television movie.
O. J. Simpson is a current or former football player.
Star Trek (film series) have received 15 award nominations.
George Tuska wrote under the pen name Carl Larson.
Adam Sandler voice acted in Hotel Transylvania 2.
Jean-Martin Charcot taught anatomical pathology.
Braveheart won an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
Michael C. Hall had a role in the television series Dexter, as the titular character.
Emily Blunt played a supporting role in The Devil Wears Prada.
Doctor Doom is the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria.
The Departed was produced by Brad Pitt.
Alicia Vikander appeared in The Fifth Estate.
Moana is a computer-animated film from 2016.
Robert Bolt was the screenwriter for The Bounty.
WWI began in Europe.
Slash writes songs.
Octopuses use camouflage and deimatic displays to protect themselves.
Ford Motor Company produced vehicles in 2015.
Rupert Wyatt works with video.
Prison Break has more than one season.
Black Sabbath is a rock band from England.
Kim Basinger is a singer.
Followers of asceticism eschew pleasures.
The Lion King is an artistic work.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features an English artist Paul Simonon.
Sue Vertue was born on September 21.
Until Dawn received a positive response.
Reds was produced by Warren Beatty.
The Avengers (2012 film) features Robert Downey Jr.
Gunday was written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Saw VI is a horror film.
David Schwimmer graduated from a university based in Evanston, Illinois.
Russ belongs to a rap group.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Kolyma has rich reserves of gold, silver, tin, tungsten, mercury, copper, antimony, coal, oil, and peat.
Lilith translates to "night monster."
Ceres is within the orbit of Neptune and Pluto.
Troy Baker's indie band released their debut album in the 2000s.
Back to the Future Part II is a comedy.
Taraji P. Henson starred in a 2012 American romantic comedy film.
Usher was born in Texas.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in London and he became a film director.
Christie Brinkley has had four marriages.
J. Cole was the founder of the Dreamville Foundation.
Mauritius was a British colony until 1968, when Britain relinquished the territory.
Tom Hanks has been given a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama.
In 2005 T-Pain released an album.
O. J. Simpson is a current or former football player.
The 1997 Locus Award was won by A Game of Thrones.
Maisie Williams is a woman.
The English Civil War's Parliamentarians were also known as a different name.
Richard Curtis is the co-founder of the charity Comic Relief.
FC Barcelona is operated by its supporters.
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River in Minnesota.
Flash Thompson becomes friends with Peter Parker.
Take a Bow is a single.
Minions was written by Brian Lynch and directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda.
