It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
Jacqueline Marie `` Jackie '' Evancho  (  [ iːˈvæŋkoʊ ]  ; born April 9 , 2000 )  is an American classical crossover singer who gained wide recognition at an early age and , since 2009 , has issued an EP and seven albums , including a platinum and gold album and three Billboard 200 top 10 debuts .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
In 1998 , Kelly won three Grammy Awards for `` I Believe I Can Fly '' .
is a Japanese manga artist from Miyagi .
Laura Leggett Linney  ( born February 5 , 1964 )  is an American actress .
Katie Price  ( born Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Infield , 22 May 1978 )  , previously known by the pseudonym Jordan , is an English television personality and glamour model .
Cindy Lou Hensley McCain  ( born May 20 , 1954 )  is an American businesswoman , philanthropist , and humanitarian , and the wife of long-time United States Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain of Arizona .
Turner has also starred in the television film The Thirteenth Tale  ( 2013 )  and she made her feature film debut in Another Me  ( 2013 )  .
The House at Pooh Corner  ( 1928 )  is the second volume of stories about Winnie-the-Pooh , written by A. A. Milne and illustrated by E. H. Shepard .
It is the first instalment in the Fifty Shades trilogy that traces the deepening relationship between a college graduate , Anastasia Steele , and a young business magnate , Christian Grey .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
NASA also awarded SpaceX a further development contract in 2011 to develop and demonstrate a human-rated Dragon , which would be used to transport astronauts to the ISS and return them safely to Earth .
Empress Matilda  ( c. 7 February 110210 September 1167 )  , also known as the Empress Maude , was the claimant to the English throne during the civil war known as the Anarchy .
Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
The album has sold upwards of 1,200,000 copies in the USA , and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA .
Michael Richard Pence  ( born June 7 , 1959 )  is an American politician , lawyer , and the 48th and current Vice President of the United States .
After leaving Southampton on 10 April 1912 , Titanic called at Cherbourg in France and Queenstown  ( now Cobh )  in Ireland before heading west to New York .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Amazon Web Services  ( AWS )  describes both a technology and a company .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
Some of his notable credits include Breaking Away , The Right Stuff , Wyatt Earp , The Rookie , The Day After Tomorrow , Traffic , Vantage Point , Footloose , Frequency , The Parent Trap , Yours , Mine & Ours and Soul Surfer .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Often considered the best player in the world and regarded by many as the greatest of all time , Messi is the only player in history to win five FIFA Ballon d'Or awards , four of which he won consecutively , and the first to win three European Golden Shoes .
Dolores Janney Rivera Saavedra  ( July 2 , 1969 -- December 9 , 2012 )  , better known as Jenni Rivera , was an American singer , songwriter , actress , television producer , spokesperson , philanthropist and entrepreneur known for her work within the Banda and ranchera music genres .
The origins of the Internet date back to research commissioned by the United States federal government in the 1960s to build robust , fault-tolerant communication via computer networks .
The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census .
Jules Sébastien César Dumont d'Urville  ( 23 May 1790 -- 8 May 1842 )  was a French explorer , naval officer and rear admiral , who explored the south and western Pacific , Australia , New Zealand and Antarctica .
Christina María Aguilera  ( born December 18 , 1980 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality .
He lived in Aspen , Colorado for much of his life and was known for his love of Colorado which he sang about numerous times .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström  ( born 19 October 1983 )  , known professionally as Rebecca Ferguson , is a Swedish actress .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy  ( July 22 , 1890 -- January 22 , 1995 )  was an American philanthropist , centenarian and socialite .
Jun has also starred in television series My Love from the Star  ( 2013-2014 )  and The Legend of the Blue Sea  ( 2016-2017 )  .
Billy Bob Thornton  ( born August 4 , 1955 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , singer , songwriter , and musician .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
Maynard James Keenan  ( born James Herbert Keenan ; April 17 , 1964 )  , often referred to by his initials MJK , is an American musician , record producer , winemaker , and actor , best known as the vocalist for Grammy Award-winning progressive metal band Tool .
After being dropped by her record label , Nash self-released her third studio album , Girl Talk , on 4 March 2013 .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
Louis-Dreyfus holds several records for most Primetime Emmy Award wins and nominations .
Nicole Mary Kidman , AC  ( born June 20 , 1967 )  is an Australian actress and film producer .
Jane Eyre is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Cary Fukunaga and starring Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender .
Tramadol , sold under the brandname Ultram among others , is an opioid pain medication used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain .
Interstellar is a 2014 British-American epic science fiction film directed , co-written , and co-produced by Christopher Nolan .
A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
Leslie Howard  ( born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 )  was an English stage and film actor , director and producer .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
The castle , which has been a Grade I listed building since 1951 , underwent a major restoration in the early 20th century .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
The film was produced by Big Beach and Raindog Films , and distributed by Focus Features .
Robert Browning  ( 7 May 1812 -- 12 December 1889 )  was an English poet and playwright whose mastery of the dramatic monologue made him one of the foremost Victorian poets .
She married John McCain in 1980 and the couple moved to Arizona in 1981 , where her husband would be elected to the United States Congress the following year and has been in office since then .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
`` All the Lovers '' is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue for her eleventh studio album , Aphrodite  ( 2010 )  .
A central venous catheter  ( CVC )  , also known as a central line , central venous line , or central venous access catheter , is a catheter placed into a large vein .
Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama  ( born January 17 , 1964 )  is an American lawyer and writer who was First Lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
He was Clinton 's running mate in their successful campaign in 1992 , and was re-elected in 1996 .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
A mixtape  ( also mix-tape or mix tape )  is a home-made compilation of music  ( typically copyrighted songs taken from other sources )  recorded in a specific order , traditionally onto a cassette tape , though later replaced by CD or MP3 playlist formats .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  ( born August 21 , 1989 )  is an American actress , model , singer , and activist .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
A co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito , a tournament among former World Cup champions .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
He made one of his earliest film roles in the mid-1980s , before he starred in Cameron Crowe 's film Say Anything ...  ( 1989 )  , for which he gained teen idol status .
Neal Joseph Schon  ( born February 27 , 1954 )  is an American rock guitarist , songwriter , and vocalist , best known for his work with the bands Journey and Bad English .
An investment fund is a way of investing money alongside other investors in order to benefit from the inherent advantages of working as part of a group .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Avatar : The Last Airbender is set in an Asiatic-like world in which some people are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts , known as `` bending '' .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Paul Samuel Feig  (  [ ˈfiːɡ ]  born September 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , film director , producer , and screenwriter .
In 2016 , AWS comprised more than 70 services spanning a wide range including compute , storage , networking , database , analytics , application services , deployment , management , mobile , developer tools , and tools for the Internet of Things .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Antonio Lucio Vivaldi  (  [ anˈtɔːnjo ˈluːtʃo viˈvaldi ]  ; 4 March 1678 -- 28 July 1741 )  was an Italian Baroque composer , virtuoso violinist , teacher and cleric .
He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis .
During pre-production , Raimi originally wanted another villain to be included along with Sandman , but at the request of producer Avi Arad he added Venom , and the producers also requested the addition of Gwen Stacy .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .
Blending psychological horror with film noir , the film stars Kyle MacLachlan , Isabella Rossellini , Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern .
Trained as a civil servant , he entered the country 's House of Representatives in 1943 for the True Whig Party , then the only established party in the country .
In wider Germanic mythology and paganism , Odin was known in Old English as Wōden , in Old Saxon as Wōdan , and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wōtan , all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wōđanaz .
He subsequently played d'Artagnan in 2011 's The Three Musketeers , starred in the coming-of-age dramas The Perks of Being a Wallflower  ( 2012 )  , Indignation  ( 2016 )  and Sidney Hall  ( 2017 )  , and had major roles in the 2014 films Noah and Fury .
He was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following twelve seasons .
George VI  ( Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 -- 6 February 1952 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death .
Jon Watts  ( born June 28 , 1981 )  is an American film director , producer and screenwriter .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
Sigmund Freud  (  [ ` frɔɪd ]  ;  [ ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfʁɔʏt ]  ; born Sigismund Schlomo Freud ; 6 May 1856 -- 23 September 1939 )  was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of psychoanalysis , a clinical method for treating psychopathology through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21 , in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
A hate group is a social group that advocates and practices hatred , hostility , or violence towards members of a race , ethnicity , nation , religion , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
The character is voiced by Eddie Murphy .
The school offers multiple undergraduate and graduate programs covering production , screenwriting , critical studies , animation and digital arts , and interactive media & games .
Julie Frances Christie  ( born 14 April 1940 )  is an English actress .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
A seven-time Academy Award nominee , she received her first nomination for They Shoot Horses , Do n't They  ( 1969 )  and went on to win two Best Actress Oscars in the 1970s for Klute  ( 1971 )  and Coming Home  ( 1978 )  .
King Kong is a 2005 epic monster adventure film co-written , produced , and directed by Peter Jackson .
Winnipeg  (  [ ˈwɪnɪpɛɡ ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada .
Throughout his club career , he has only played for teams in Italy , previously playing for Atalanta , Fiorentina , Sampdoria , Internazionale and Milan .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
She made her screen debut in the Australian drama film For Love Alone  ( 1986 )  and then appeared in the Australian television series Hey Dad .
She released a single from an independent label called `` Swag It Out '' and another single with Bella Thorne called `` Watch Me , '' which is featured on the Break It Down album .
It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr.  (  [ dweɪn ]  ; born January 17 , 1982 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Usher Raymond IV  ( born October 14 , 1978 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and actor .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
Eric Singer  ( born Eric Doyle Mensinger ; May 12 , 1958 )  is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer , best known as a member of Kiss , portraying The Catman originally played by Peter Criss .
Established on 10 October 1845 , under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft , it is the second oldest of the United States ' five service academies , and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps .
Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton , MBE  ( born 7 January 1985 )  is a British Formula One racing driver from England , currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman  ( born 6 September 1974 )  is a retired English professional tennis player .
McKenna is the writer of some of Communitys most critically acclaimed episodes , including `` Paradigms of Human Memory '' , `` Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design '' , and the Emmy - and Hugo-nominated `` Remedial Chaos Theory '' .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
is a Japanese manga and game artist .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
Hefner is a native of Chicago , Illinois and a former journalist for Esquire .
During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles .
George Walton Lucas Jr.  ( born May 14 , 1944 )  is an American filmmaker and entrepreneur .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
She signed a recording contract with American rapper T.I. 's Grand Hustle Records imprint in 2012 , after gaining attention from her first full-length project , a mixtape titled Ignorant Art .
The song features vocals from American rapper Ludacris .
He has collaborated with his childhood friend Seth Rogen in several films , including Superbad  ( 2007 )   ( which they first conceived as teenagers )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , This Is the End  ( 2013 )   ( their directorial debut )  , and The Interview  ( 2014 )  .
Arjun Kapoor  (  [ ɐrˈɟun kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 26 June 1985 )  is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films .
Graduate students may take a Master of Arts , Master of Science , Master of Fine Arts , Doctor of Arts , Doctor of Fine Arts , or Doctor of Philosophy degree .
Richard Stephen Dreyfuss  (  [ ˈdraɪfəs ]  originally Dreyfus ; born October 29 , 1947 )  is an American actor best known for starring in American Graffiti , Jaws , Stand By Me , Close Encounters of the Third Kind , Down and Out in Beverly Hills , The Goodbye Girl , Always , and Mr. Holland 's Opus .
He is the co-founder of Wikipedia , the online non-profit encyclopedia , and the for-profit web hosting company Wikia .
He is known for playing Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
William Denby `` Bill '' Hanna  ( July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 )  was an American animator , director , producer , voice actor , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century .
Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' .
Serena has also won four Olympic gold medals , one in women 's singles and three in women 's doubles -- an all-time record shared with her sister , Venus .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Margaret was often viewed as a controversial member of the British royal family .
Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico .
He is best known for playing the role of Tormund Giantsbane in the HBO fantasy series Game of Thrones .
She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .
The Punisher  ( Francis `` Frank '' Castle )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Matthew David McConaughey  (  [ məˈkɒnəheɪ ]  born November 4 , 1969 )  is an American actor .
Gianluigi `` Gigi '' Buffon  (  [ ˈdʒiːdʒi bufˈfɔn ]  , Ufficiale OMRI ; born 28 January 1978 )  is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Vincent Anthony Vaughn  ( born March 28 , 1970 )  is an American actor , producer , screenwriter , activist , and comedian .
Crash is a 2004 American ensemble drama film co-written , produced , and directed by Paul Haggis .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman  ( 21 February 1946 -- 14 January 2016 )  was an English actor and director known for playing a variety of roles on stage and on screen .
Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal  ( born April 20 , 1941 )  , known professionally as Ryan O'Neal , is an American actor and former boxer .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
His career began on the Off-Broadway stage and then in television in the 1980s , most notably as David Addison in Moonlighting  ( 1985 -- 1989 )  .
It features alumni from these two shows , in addition to first-time cast members called ` Fresh Meat ' , alumni from Are You the One ?
The films star Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson , and Taylor Lautner .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
`` Calling All the Monsters '' is a song performed by American pop recording artist China Anne McClain .
In 1935 he played in a celebrated production of Romeo and Juliet alongside Gielgud and Peggy Ashcroft , and by the end of the decade he was an established star .
Bernard Lawrence `` Bernie '' Madoff  (  [ ˈmeɪdɒf ]  born April 29 , 1938 )  is an American fraudster and a former stockbroker , investment advisor , and financier .
Evolution is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
In 1991 , he released a self-titled debut album and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States the following year .
Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy  ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 6 , 1968 )  , commonly known by his initials RFK , was an American politician from Massachusetts .
She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .
Oz the Great and Powerful  ( working title Brick )  is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi and produced by Joe Roth , from a screenplay written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner .
Event management is the application of project management to the creation and development of large scale events such as festivals , conferences , ceremonies , formal parties , concerts , or conventions .
This film also stars Alicia Silverstone , Andie MacDowell , Mena Suvari , Kevin Bacon and Djimon Hounsou .
The university is made up of a variety of institutions , including 38 constituent colleges and a full range of academic departments which are organised into four divisions .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
Naruto : Shippuden , a sequel to the original series , aired from February 15 , 2007 , to March 23 , 2017 , with 500 episodes .
The console optionally included a redesigned Kinect sensor , marketed as the `` Kinect 2.0 '' , providing improved motion tracking and voice recognition for use in its graphical user interface  ( GUI )  and games .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
He is also known for his roles in Uncle Buck  ( 1989 )  , My Girl  ( 1991 )  , The Good Son  ( 1993 )  , The Pagemaster  ( 1994 )  , Richie Rich  ( 1994 )  , Party Monster  ( 2003 )  , and the music video for Michael Jackson 's `` Black or White '' .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
The Fall is the fourth studio album from British virtual band Gorillaz .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
Risk factors include smoking , ionizing radiation , some chemicals  ( such as benzene )  , prior chemotherapy , and Down syndrome .
It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Easy Virtue is a 2008 British romantic comedy film based on Noël Coward 's play of the same name .
North Korea , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  ( DPRK )  , is a country in East Asia constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula .
The film stars Tina Fey , Margot Robbie , Martin Freeman , Christopher Abbott , Alfred Molina , and Billy Bob Thornton .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
Corporal Eugene `` Flash '' Thompson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Famous in Love is an American drama television series that premiered on Freeform on April 18 , 2017 , and is based on the novel of the same name by Rebecca Serle .
As the Lunar Module Pilot on Apollo 11 , he was one of the first two humans to land on the Moon , and the second person to walk on it .
In 1935 , Basie formed his own jazz orchestra , the Count Basie Orchestra , and in 1936 took them to Chicago for a long engagement and their first recording .
He made a great number of guest appearances in well-known television shows and starred in a handful of films , including a cult classic , Robinson Crusoe on Mars .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
Horseshoe Falls , also known as Canadian Falls , is one of three waterfalls which collectively form Niagara Falls on the Niagara River along the Canada-US Border .
The American modern liberal philosophy strongly endorses public spending on programs such as education , health care , and welfare .
Born approximately 570CE  ( Year of the Elephant )  in the Arabian city of Mecca , Muhammad was orphaned at an early age ; he was raised under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib .
He is currently playing a District Attorney named Blake Tower in the Marvel 's series Daredevil .
It is the sequel to the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , which began 20th Century Fox 's reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
Kwon Ji-yong  ( ; born August 18 , 1988 )  , better known by his stage name G-Dragon , is a South Korean rapper , singer-songwriter , record producer , and fashion icon .
It is the sequel to Portal  ( 2007 )  and was released on April 19 , 2011 , for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 3 , and Xbox 360 .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
He was the highest paid Indian actor from 1970 to 1987 where Amitabh Bachchan shared the same tag with Khanna from 1980 to 1987 .
He rose to fame playing the leading role of Dong-hae in daily drama series Smile Again  ( 2010-2011 )  , and has since starred in Warrior Baek Dong-soo  ( 2011 )  , Empress Ki  ( 2013-2014 )  , Healer  ( 2014-2015 )  , The K2  ( 2016 )  , Suspicious Partner  ( 2017 )  and the crime-action film Fabricated City  ( 2017 )  .
The lyrics discuss the self-empowerment of minorities including the LGBT community as well as racial minorities , referring to `` cholas '' and `` orients '' , which drew criticism from Latino and Asian communities .
Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States , following the resignation of Spiro Agnew .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International  ( NSAI )  is the world 's largest not-for-profit songwriters trade association .
Poland  ( Polska  [ ˈpɔlska ]  )  , officially the Republic of Poland  (  [ Rzeczpospolita Polska , links = no ]  , )  , is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia .
It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .
Benin  (  [ bᵻˈniːn ,   - ˈnɪn ]  or - ;  [ bɛˈniːn ]  ; Bénin  [ benɛ̃ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Benin  ( République du Bénin )  and formerly Dahomey , is a country in West Africa .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom and the British Commonwealth , with campaigns including the North Africa and East Africa campaigns , the aerial Battle of Britain , the Blitz bombing campaign , the Balkan Campaign as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic .
The character was originally created by Bob Kane , Bill Finger , and Jerry Robinson , to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman .
Alpha Centauri  ( α Centauri , abbreviated Alpha Cen , α Cen )  is the closest star system to the Solar System , being 4.37 ly from the Sun .
Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues  ( 2015 )  , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters  ( 2016 )  .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada , where the modern version of the sport was created , and enjoys immense popularity ; alongside Canada , hockey is the most popular winter sport in Finland , Latvia , the Czech Republic , Sweden , Slovakia , Belarus and Switzerland .
Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a 2016 American dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jane Goldman , based on the 2011 novel of the same name by Ransom Riggs .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
The novel is named after its protagonist , Yuri Zhivago , a physician and poet , and takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Civil War .
Born to a Russian Jewish family in Leningrad , Yelchin relocated to the United States , where he began performing in the late 1990s , appearing in several television and film roles , and received recognition in Hearts in Atlantis  ( 2001 )  .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The film was primarily shot on location in Zimbabwe and in Kenya due to political turmoil in South Africa at the time of production .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Tunisia  ( تونس ; ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ Tunisie )  , officially the Tunisian Republic is a country in North Africa , covering 165,000 km2 .
Directors of the series include Gore Verbinski  ( 1 -- 3 )  , Rob Marshall  ( 4 )  , and Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg  ( 5 )  .
Cleopatra VII Philopator  ( Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ 69 -- August 12 , 30 BC )  , known to history simply as Cleopatra , was the last active ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt , briefly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion .
The seven-year period that followed saw the death of her mother , birth of her first child , divorce from her first husband and relative poverty until she finished the first novel in the series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , in 1997 .
Christie 's breakthrough film role was in Billy Liar  ( 1963 )  .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Sabrina Ann Lynn Carpenter  ( born May 11 , 1999 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actress .
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia .
Social anxiety disorder  ( SAD )  , also known as social phobia , is an anxiety disorder characterized by a significant amount of fear in one or more social situations , causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life .
The series follows the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick and his fretful , easily influenced grandson Morty , who split their time between domestic family life and interdimensional adventures .
The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans , Mark Ruffalo , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Jeremy Renner , Tom Hiddleston , Clark Gregg , Cobie Smulders , Stellan Skarsgård , and Samuel L. Jackson .
Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action spy thriller film directed by David Leitch and written by Kurt Johnstad .
It is falsely believed that the Limbu/Yakthung are multi-lingual , but there are hundred and/or thousand of Yakthung who speak only in Yakthungpan  ( Limbu language )  .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
Antinuclear antibodies  ( ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF )  are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus .
Taylor Sheridan is an American actor , screenwriter , and director .
The Land Before Time is a 1988 American-Irish animated adventure drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , George Lucas , Kathleen Kennedy , and Frank Marshall .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
Neil Patrick Harris  ( born June 15 , 1973 )  is an American actor , comedian , magician , singer , and composer , known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
The wreck of Titanic , first discovered over 70 years after the sinking , remains on the seabed , split in two and gradually disintegrating at a depth of 12415 ft. Since her discovery in 1985 , thousands of artefacts have been recovered and put on display at museums around the world .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E. / Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995 , hosted by Ed McMahon , and created by Alfred Masini .
She also starred in Web Therapy , which aired for four seasons on Showtime .
English  [ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ ]  is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the global lingua franca .
Paul William Walker IV  ( September 12 , 1973 -- November 30 , 2013 )  was an American actor .
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Comprising a land area of 1648195 km2 , it is the second-largest country in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world .
The cast includes Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the title character , Edward Snowden , with Shailene Woodley , Melissa Leo , Zachary Quinto , Tom Wilkinson , Scott Eastwood , Logan Marshall-Green , Timothy Olyphant , Ben Schnetzer , LaKeith Lee Stanfield , Rhys Ifans and Nicolas Cage also starring .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
She was deeply embedded in the `` lace curtain '' Irish Catholic community in Boston , where her father was mayor .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
The band 's third studio album , Smash  ( 1994 )  , became their first commercial success , and has sold over eleven million copies worldwide , setting a record for most albums sold on an independent label and becoming the first album on Epitaph to obtain gold and platinum status .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Matthew Avery Modine  ( born March 22 , 1959 )  is an American film actor who rose to prominence through his role as United States Marine Corps Private Joker in Stanley Kubrick 's `` Full Metal Jacket '' .
Born in Harlem , New York , and raised in Libertyville , Illinois , Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school .
They are identified by their use of Germanic languages , which diversified out of Proto-Germanic during the Pre-Roman Iron Age .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
Wi-Fi or WiFi is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
Ray Milland  ( 3 January 1907
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
STS-96 launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 27 May 1999 at 06:49:42 AM EDT .
The season was nominated for one Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Jason Kent Bateman  ( born January 14 , 1969 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
Timothy Francis `` Tim '' Robbins  ( born October 16 , 1958 )  is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , activist and musician .
The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December , culminating in the championship game , the MLS Cup .
Unpredictable is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and actor Jamie Foxx .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
In January 20 , 1968 , Tate married Roman Polanski , her director and co-star in 1967 's The Fearless Vampire Killers .
Music ranges from strictly organized compositions -- such as Classical music symphonies from the 1700s and 1800s , through to spontaneously played improvisational music such as jazz , and avant-garde styles of chance-based contemporary music from the 20th and 21st centuries .
It is also the capital city of the Eṛṛbaṭ-Sla-Qniṭra administrative region .
He was the Republican nominee for the 2008 U.S. presidential election .
Headquartered in Crewe , England , the company was founded as Bentley Motors Limited by W. O. Bentley in 1919 in Cricklewood , North London -- and became widely known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1924 , 1927 , 1928 , 1929 , 1930 , and 2003 .
He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total .
After leaving The Streets of San Francisco in 1976 , Douglas went on to produce films including The China Syndrome  ( 1979 )  and Romancing the Stone  ( 1984 )  .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky , to a middle-class family , Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty .
Jack Black , Dustin Hoffman , Angelina Jolie , Lucy Liu , Seth Rogen , David Cross , Jackie Chan and James Hong reprise their roles from the previous films with Randall Duk Kim reprising his role of Oogway from the first Kung Fu Panda film  ( 2008 )  .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
She also appeared in the 2013 Robert Redford film The Company You Keep and modelled for Guess Kids clothing .
Nuufolau Joel `` Joe '' Seanoa  ( born March 17 , 1979 )  , better known by his ring name Samoa Joe , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performing on the Raw brand .
He trained at the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1991 , before beginning his career on stage .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Eugenio Canfari  ( 16 April 1877 -- 23 March 1962 )  was an early Italian football player from Genoa who played as a defender .
The album was produced by John Leckie and engineered by Nigel Godrich , who would go on to co-produce all future albums by the band .
Mahendra Singh Dhoni  ( ; commonly known as MS Dhoni ; born 7 July 1981 )  is an Indian cricketer who captained the Indian team in limited-overs formats from 2007 to 2016 and in Test cricket from 2008 to 2014 .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr.  ( also shortened to Indy )  is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise .
Warren Casey  ( April 20 , 1935 -- November 8 , 1988 )  was an American theatre composer , lyricist , writer , and actor .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively .
Tesla , Inc.  ( formerly named Tesla Motors )  is a major American automaker , energy storage company , and solar panel manufacturer based in Palo Alto , California .
Christopher Francis `` Frank '' Ocean  ( born Christopher Edwin Breaux ; October 28 , 1987 )  , is an American singer , songwriter , and rapper .
Amaze was founded by serial entrepreneur Dan Elenbaas and his business partners Todd Gilbertsen and David Mann .
Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 .
Buckingham Palace  (  [ ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs ]  )  is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
By contrast , Cleopatra did learn to speak Egyptian and represented herself as the reincarnation of the Egyptian goddess Isis .
Kushner is the elder son of real-estate developer Charles Kushner and is married to Trump 's daughter Ivanka .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
19 Kids and Counting  ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting )  was an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years , until its cancellation in 2015 .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
He made a great number of guest appearances in well-known television shows and starred in a handful of films , including a cult classic , Robinson Crusoe on Mars .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
Rescue Me is an American comedy-drama television series that premiered on the FX on July 21 , 2004 and concluded on September 7 , 2011 .
Chris Hemsworth  ( born 11 August 1983 )  is an Australian actor .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Though he deliberately avoided the limelight  ( being temperamentally averse to celebrity )  his influence as a musical artist has been widely acknowledged by figures such as Mark Knopfler , Neil Young , and Eric Clapton , who described him as `` one of the most important artists in the history of rock '' .
Haitian Creole  (  [ ˈheɪʃən ˈkriːoʊl ]   [ kreyòl ayisyen , links = no ]  ,  [ kɣejɔl ]  ; créole haïtien )  is a French-based creole language spoken by 9.6 -- 12million people worldwide , and the only language of most Haitians .
Drake released his debut studio album Thank Me Later in 2010 , which debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and was soon certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
Arya Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
Since that time , most US space exploration efforts have been led by NASA , including the Apollo Moon landing missions , the Skylab space station , and later the Space Shuttle .
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
Symptoms usually develop 10 -- 12 days after exposure to an infected person and last 7 -- 10 days .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's novel Devdas .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
Boston Legal is an American legal dramedy created by David E. Kelley and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for ABC .
He rose quickly up the ATP rankings , and by 1996 had reached the quarter-finals of the Wimbledon Championships .
The film was released on October 21 , 2016 by 20th Century Fox , received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb , grossing $ 29 million against its $ 40 million budget .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
The name `` Melbourne '' refers to an urban agglomeration spanning 9900 km2 , which comprises the broader metropolitan area , as well as being the common name for its city centre .
All extant species are in the genus Equus .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
The film stars Kamal Haasan in dual roles with Manisha Koirala , Urmila Matondkar , Sukanya and Goundamani appearing in other pivotal roles .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  ; born December 19 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
It was built in 1884 and is considered to be one of Manhattan 's most prestigious and exclusive cooperative residential buildings .
Susan Denise Atkins  ( May 7 , 1948 September 24 , 2009 )  was a convicted American murderer who was a member of Charles Manson 's `` Family '' .
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario .
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo .
He has received three Golden Globe awards , a Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory  ( 1989 )  and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller Training Day  ( 2001 )  .
Jerome  (  [ dʒəˈroʊm ]  Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus Εὐσέβιος Σωφρόνιος Ἱερώνυμος c. 27 March 347 -- 30 September 420 )  was a priest , confessor , theologian and historian .
Hotel Transylvania 2 is a 2015 American 3D computer animated fantasy-comedy film .
During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles .
Nevertheless , Rooney 's popularity was renewed with well-received supporting roles in films such as Requiem for a Heavyweight  ( 1962 )  , It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World  ( 1963 )  , and The Black Stallion  ( 1979 )  .
It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name but includes contributions by William Goldman .
Adrianne Lee Palicki  ( born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress best known for her roles as Tyra Collette in the television series Friday Night Lights  ( 2006 -- 2011 )  and supporting roles in the films Legion  ( 2010 )  , Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , G.I. Joe : Retaliation  ( 2013 )  , and John Wick  ( 2014 )  .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
Seville  (  [ səˈvɪl ]  Sevilla  [ seˈβiʎa ]  ,  [ seˈβi ʝa ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville , Spain .
Melvin Brooks  ( né Kaminsky , born June 28 , 1926 )  is an American filmmaker , comedian , actor and composer .
Captain America is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Ubisoft Entertainment SA  ( formerly Ubi Soft Entertainment Software )  , doing business as Ubisoft  ( formerly Ubi Soft )  , is a French multinational video game publisher , headquartered in Rennes , France .
Simon 's fame , influence , and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel , formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
While the names of many of his later periods are debated , the most commonly accepted periods in his work are the Blue Period  ( 1901 -- 1904 )  , the Rose Period  ( 1904 -- 1906 )  , the African-influenced Period  ( 1907 -- 1909 )  , Analytic Cubism  ( 1909 -- 1912 )  , and Synthetic Cubism  ( 1912 -- 1919 )  , also referred to as the Crystal period .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
It featured Jim McMullan as Security Chief John Moore of the Delos Corporation .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes  (  [ ˈfaɪnz ]  born 27 May 1970 )  is an English film and stage actor .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
In 2001 , Spears released her self-titled third studio album , Britney , and played the starring role in the film Crossroads  ( 2002 )  .
Ballard struggled with alcoholism , depression , and poverty for three years .
Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network ; cable television networks such as Disney Channel , ESPN , A+E Networks , and Freeform ; publishing , merchandising , music , and theatre divisions ; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
She began as a child actress in the early 1940s , and was one of the most popular stars of classical Hollywood cinema in the 1950s .
He is well known for his Hollywood action roles , including boxer Rocky Balboa , the title character of the Rocky series ' seven films from 1976 to 2015 ; soldier John Rambo from the four Rambo films , released between 1982 and 2008 ; and Barney Ross in the three The Expendables films from 2010 to 2014 .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
The film stars Reese Witherspoon as Strayed , alongside Laura Dern  ( as Strayed 's mother )  , with Thomas Sadoski , Michiel Huisman and Gaby Hoffmann among several others in supporting roles .
The film is directed by Bong Joon-ho , and written by Bong and Kelly Masterson .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
Measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus .
Born to American parents in London and raised primarily in California , she rose to prominence in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' , which became the number one song of the year in several countries and attracted controversy over its purportedly sexist content .
Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg  ( born 18 October 1960 )  , professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD , is a Belgian actor , martial artist , screenwriter , film producer , and director best known for his martial arts action films .
Winnie Harlow  ( born Chantelle Brown-Young ; July 27 , 1994 )  is a Canadian fashion model , spokesperson , and activist .
His screenwriting credits include the 1995 film The Affair , Man on a Ledge , released in January , 2012 , and a string of television movies .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
He produced the 1973 movie The Sting , for which he shared the Academy Award for Best Picture with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
Enemy is a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve , produced by M.S. Faura and Niv Fichman and written by Javier Gullón , loosely adapted from José Saramago 's 2002 novel The Double .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
Justin Drew Bieber  (  [ ˈbiːbər ]  born March 1 , 1994 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft enable players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world .
Her other films include The Host  ( 2013 )  , Pompeii  ( 2014 )  and Legend  ( 2015 )  .
Hawking has a rare early-onset , slow-progressing form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ( ALS )  that has gradually paralysed him over the decades .
It premiered on July 24 , 2007 , on FX , and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010 , airing for two further seasons and concluding in 2012 .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
Alpha House is an American political satire web television series produced by Amazon Studios .
New Orleans  (  [ nuː ˈɔːrlᵻnz ,   - ˈɔːrli.ənz ,   - ɔːrˈliːnz ]  , or  [ ˈnɔːrlᵻnz ]  La Nouvelle-Orléans  [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ]  )  is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .
Born in Leiderdorp , a town in the western Netherlands , she was brought up by writer and theatre-radio producer Theodore van Houten .
He is considered to have been a central figure of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Constance Elaine Britton  ( née Womack ; born March 6 , 1967 )  is an American actress , singer and producer .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
The Edgar Allan Poe Awards  ( popularly called the Edgars )  , named after Edgar Allan Poe , are presented every year by the Mystery Writers of America , based in New York City .
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel  ( born Bönickhausen ;  [ ˈaɪfəl ]   [ ɛfɛl ]  ; 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923 )  was a French civil engineer and architect .
After an impoverished childhood with immigrant parents and six sisters , he had his film debut in The Strange Love of Martha Ivers  ( 1946 )  with Barbara Stanwyck .
The subgenre frequently overlaps with the related subgenre of psychological thriller , and it often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable , unreliable , or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror of the setting and plot and to provide an overall unpleasant , unsettling , or distressing atmosphere .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
In 2003 , she received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the comedy-drama Lost in Translation , and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director .
Sonny with a Chance is an American sitcom created by Steve Marmel which aired for two seasons on Disney Channel from February 8 , 2009 to January 2 , 2011 .
Leigh continued performing past her teen years , receiving critical praise for her roles in the 1990 films Miami Blues and Last Exit to Brooklyn .
On Earth , 99 % of glacial ice is contained within vast ice sheets in the polar regions , but glaciers may be found in mountain ranges on every continent except Australia , and on a few high-latitude oceanic islands .
Jane Fonda  ( born Jayne Seymour Fonda ; December 21 , 1937 )  is an American actress , writer , political activist , former fashion model and fitness guru .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
The character was created by writer Gerry Conway and artists John Romita Sr. and Ross Andru , with publisher Stan Lee green-lighting the name .
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Lahore is also home to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Lahore Fort and Shalimar Gardens .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
The Jacksons is an American variety show featuring the Jackson siblings  ( except for Jermaine , who was signed to Motown while the Jackson group was signed to the Epic/CBS record label )  .
Avatar : The Last Airbender  ( Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions )  is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons  ( referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card )  on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 .
There are rich reserves of gold , silver , tin , tungsten , mercury , copper , antimony , coal , oil , and peat .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
It was written by Stiller , Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Abū Bakr al-Baghdadi  ( أبو بكر البغدادي born 28 July 1971 as Ibrahim Awad Ibrahim al-Badri إبراهيم عواد إبراهيم علي محمد البدري السامرائي )  is the leader of the Sunni militant jihadist organisation known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  ( ISIL )  , which controls territory in western Iraq , Syria , Libya and Afghanistan .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
As of 2007 , Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Eugenio Canfari  ( 16 April 1877 -- 23 March 1962 )  was an early Italian football player from Genoa who played as a defender .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Emma Rose Roberts  ( born February 10 , 1991 )  is an American actress and singer .
Wladimir Wladimirowitsch Klitschko  ( Володи́мир Володи́мирович Кличко́ , ; born 25 March 1976 )  is a Ukrainian professional boxer .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public school , Boston Latin School  ( 1635 )  , first subway system , the Tremont Street Subway  ( 1897 )  , and first public park , Boston Common  ( 1634 )  .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
Directed by David Yates , and written by Adam Cozad and Craig Brewer , the film stars Alexander Skarsgård as the title character , with Samuel L. Jackson , Margot Robbie , Djimon Hounsou , Jim Broadbent and Christoph Waltz in supporting roles .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
James Mangold  ( born December 16 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director , screenwriter and producer .
New Orleans  (  [ nuː ˈɔːrlᵻnz ,   - ˈɔːrli.ənz ,   - ɔːrˈliːnz ]  , or  [ ˈnɔːrlᵻnz ]  La Nouvelle-Orléans  [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ]  )  is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
A cell is the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently , and cells are often called the `` building blocks of life '' .
Her Art Through the Ages remains a standard text for American art history classes .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
Romney entered the management consulting industry , and in 1977 secured a position at Bain & Company .
In 1984 she made her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas , and subsequently appeared in the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day .
Famous Amsterdam residents include the diarist Anne Frank , artists Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh , and philosopher Baruch Spinoza .
She was the recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors in 2007 , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2016 .
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  ( born August 21 , 1989 )  is an American actress , model , singer , and activist .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations .
Coldplay have supported various social and political causes , such as Oxfam 's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International .
Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd AllāhFull name : Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim  ( ابو القاسم محمد ابن عبد الله ابن عبد المطلب ابن هاشم , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim )   ( محمد  [ muħammad ]  ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE )  is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims .
Written by Affleck and Damon  ( and with Damon in the title role )  , the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting , an unrecognized genius who , as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer , becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor .
Gourang Chakraborty  ( born 16 June 1950 )  , better known by his stage name Mithun Chakraborty ; informally referred to as Mithun Da , is an Indian film actor , singer , producer , writer , social worker , entrepreneur and a Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets .
Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1846 , Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks , tariffs , and railroads .
Lucas
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The most common symptoms are severe itchiness and a pimple-like rash .
It occurs in about one per 1000 babies born each year .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
He was ranked as the greatest athlete of the 20th century by Sports Illustrated , the Sports Personality of the Century by the BBC , and the third greatest athlete of the 20th century by ESPN SportsCentury .
Other arguments for the existence of God have been proposed by St. Anselm , who formulated the first ontological argument ; Ibn Rushd  ( Averroes )  and Thomas Aquinas , who presented their own versions of the cosmological argument  ( the kalam argument and the first way , respectively )  ; René Descartes , who said that the existence of a benevolent God is logically necessary for the evidence of the senses to be meaningful ; and Immanuel Kant , who argued that the existence of God can be deduced from the existence of good .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
The Romans , who would occupy Tunisia for most of the next eight hundred years , introduced Christianity and left architectural legacies like the El Djem amphitheater .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2 , 1970 , after Nixon signed an executive order .
The album was supported by five singles : `` Hotline Bling ''  ( which was included as a bonus track )  , `` One Dance '' featuring Wizkid and Kyla , `` Pop Style '' featuring The Throne  ( Jay Z and Kanye West )  , `` Controlla '' and `` Too Good '' featuring Rihanna .
It commemorates Major General Benedict Arnold 's service at the Battles of Saratoga in the Continental Army , but contrives not to name him .
Donkey is a fast-talking donkey created by William Steig and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Born to actor Subhendu Chatterjee , Saswata Chatterjee began his career with a Hindi serial directed by Saibal Mitra , based on Samaresh Majumdar 's Kaalpurush .
`` Live Your Life '' is a song by American rapper T.I. , from his sixth studio album , Paper Trail  ( 2008 )  , and features Barbadian singer Rihanna .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven , and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
She also appears regularly as a contributor and guest co-host on NBC 's Today .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
Adam Patrick DeVine  ( born November 7 , 1983 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , screenwriter and producer .
Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
With over 100 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world , as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria .
Kmart Corporation  ( sometimes stylized as K-Mart )  is a chain of big box department stores headquartered in Hoffman Estates , Illinois , United States .
At nineteen he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 .
A mole is a massive structure , usually of stone , used as a pier , breakwater , or a causeway between places separated by water .
It is the beginning of the Cenozoic Era of the present Phanerozoic Eon .
In three cases -- 20th Century Fox , Warner Bros. , and Paramount -- the studios were one of the `` Big Five '' majors during that era as well .
Tamera Darvette Mowry-Housley  (  [ tə 'm ɛrə   'm ɔːri ]  born July 6 , 1978 )  is an American actress and model .
During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
It affects people of all ages .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
th : Jack Reacher ยอดคนสืบระห่ำ
They are based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien , with large portions of the trilogy inspired by the appendices to The Return of the King , which expand on the story told in The Hobbit , as well as new material and characters written especially for the films .
The 2008 Olympics was his international debut over 100 m ; he had earlier won numerous 200 m medals  ( including 2007 World Championship silver )  and holds the world under-20 and world under-18 records for the event .
She reached her career-high WTA singles ranking of World No. 76 on 10 September 2001 and a doubles ranking of World No. 215 on 24 August 1998 .
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour by American singer John Mayer .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s , having appeared in several independent films , and later mainstream Hollywood films , including the Scream trilogy of horror films , Ransom  ( 1996 )  , Phantoms  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , The Omen  ( 2006 )  , X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Taking Woodstock  ( 2009 )  , Salt  ( 2010 )  , Goon  ( 2011 )  , Pawn Sacrifice  ( 2014 )  , and Spotlight  ( 2015 )  .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft enable players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world .
Born in Leningrad  ( now Saint Petersburg )  , Putin studied German in high school and speaks the language fluently .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Braveheart is a 1995 American epic war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
The film received the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature , along with two Academy Awards .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Sweden  ( Konungariket Sverige )  , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Tyrese Darnell Gibson  ( born December 30 , 1978 )  , also known mononymously as Tyrese , is an American Grammy-nominated singer , songwriter , actor , author , television producer , former fashion model and MTV VJ .
Ariana Grande-Butera  ( born June 26 , 1993 )  , known as Ariana Grande  (  [ ˌɑriˈɑːnə ˈɡrɑːndeɪ ]  )  , is an American singer and actress .
She began acting in the 1990s , appearing in several television series , including American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Once and Again  ( 1999 -- 2002 )  .
Bachchan has won numerous accolades in his career , including four National Film Awards as Best Actor and many awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Conan Christopher O'Brien  ( born April 18 , 1963 )  is an American television host , comedian , and television producer .
Genghis Khan  (  [ ˈdʒɛŋɡɪs ˈkɑːn ]  , usually pronounced  [ ˈɡɛŋɡɪs ˈkɑːn ]  Чингис хаан , Çingis hán  [ t͡ʃʰiŋɡɪs xaːŋ ]  , c. 1162 August 18 , 1227 )  , born Temüjin , was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire , which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network .
Anderson Hays Cooper  ( born June 3 , 1967 )  is an American journalist , television personality , and author .
It was written along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for her debut solo album Hot  ( 2001 )  and released as the album 's second single on 19 February 2001 .
The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington , D.C. Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election , though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment .
The commandments include instructions to worship only God , to honour one 's parents , and to keep the sabbath , as well as prohibitions against idolatry , blasphemy , murder , adultery , theft , dishonesty , and coveting .
Bob Dylan  (  [ ˈdɪlən ]  born Robert Allen Zimmerman ; May 24 , 1941 )  is an American poetic songwriter , singer , painter , writer , and Nobel prize laureate .
The film stars Angelina Jolie as Gia and Faye Dunaway as Wilhelmina Cooper , with Mercedes Ruehl and Elizabeth Mitchell .
Kangana Ranaut  (  [ kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ]  ; born 23 March 1986 )  is an Indian film actress .
Mickey Rooney  ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 )  was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality .
A former U.S. Navy SEAL and special warfare operator , O'Neill is best known for claiming to have fired the head shots that killed Osama bin Laden during the raid on his Abbottabad compound on May 1 , 2011 .
Cambodia  (  [ kæmˈboʊdiə ]  កម ព ជ , or Kampuchea  [ kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia  ( ព រ រ ជ ណ ចក រកម ព ជ , Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa ,  [ ˈprĕəh riəciənaːˈcɑk kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia .
Leati Joseph `` Joe '' Anoaʻi  ( born May 25 , 1985 )  is an American professional wrestler , former professional Canadian football player and a member of the Anoaʻi family .
Based on the novel of the same name by Helen Cross , the film explores the lesbian relationship between two young women from different classes and backgrounds .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Freeman has appeared in many other box office hits , including Glory  ( 1989 )  , Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves  ( 1991 )  , Seven  ( 1995 )  , Deep Impact  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , Bruce Almighty  ( 2003 )  , The Dark Knight Trilogy  ( 2005 -- 2012 )  , The Lego Movie  ( 2014 )  , and Lucy  ( 2014 )  .
Fifty Shades of Grey has topped best-seller lists around the world , selling over 125 million copies worldwide by June 2015 .
He is recognised as a Saint and Doctor of the Church by the Roman Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Lutheran Church , and the Anglican Communion .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
He is known for playing druglord Russell `` Stringer '' Bell on the HBO series The Wire , Detective John Luther on the BBC One series Luther , and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom  ( 2013 )  .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures .
With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era .
Jackson 's other albums , including Off the Wall  ( 1979 )  , Bad  ( 1987 )  , Dangerous  ( 1991 )  , and HIStory  ( 1995 )  , also rank among the world 's best-selling albums .
Burke rose to fame after winning the fifth series of British television series The X Factor in 2008 , becoming one of the most successful winners of the series .
For the first three seasons , Wentworth was filmed on purpose-built sets in the suburbs of Clayton , Victoria .
Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher .
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan .
Ethiopia  (  [ ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə ]  ኢትዮጵያ , , )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia  ( የኢትዮጵያ ፌዴራላዊ ዲሞክራሲያዊ ሪፐብሊክ , yeʾĪtiyoṗṗya Fēdēralawī Dēmokirasīyawī Rīpebilīk )  , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
David Lawrence Angell  ( April 10 , 1946September 11 , 2001 )  was an American producer of sitcoms .
They have won four League Championship titles , six FA Cups and a Charity Shield , as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup .
Ratajkowski began acting as a child in the San Diego area before she gained a recurring role on iCarly and later roles in major films .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
Greyson Michael Chance  ( born August 16 , 1997 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and pianist .
It was originally reserved for samurai .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
Following the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolutionary War , the French government was deeply in debt and attempted to restore its financial status through unpopular taxation schemes .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
The Illuminati  ( plural of Latin illuminatus , `` enlightened '' )  is a name given to several groups , both real and fictitious .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
By the jötunn Angrboða , Loki is the father of Hel , the wolf Fenrir , and the world serpent Jörmungandr .
She became a sex symbol and rose to international recognition with her starring role as Catherine Tramell in another Verhoeven film , the erotic thriller Basic Instinct  ( 1992 )  , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama .
Benin  (  [ bᵻˈniːn ,   - ˈnɪn ]  or - ;  [ bɛˈniːn ]  ; Bénin  [ benɛ̃ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Benin  ( République du Bénin )  and formerly Dahomey , is a country in West Africa .
Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s , Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
Founded as the Primettes in Detroit , Michigan , in 1959 , the Supremes were the most commercially successful of Motown 's acts and are , to date , America 's most successful vocal group with 12 number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  (  [ mikeˈlandʒelo di lodoˈviːko ˌbwɔnarˈrɔːti siˈmoːni ]  ; 6 March 1475 -- 18 February 1564 )  was a Florentine sculptor , painter , architect , and poet of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art .
Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 .
As the son of a United States Army chaplain , Groves lived at a number of Army posts during his childhood .
David Judah Simon  ( born February 9 , 1960 )  is an American author , journalist , writer , and producer .
is a Japanese voice actor and actor born in Tokyo .
The Grand Ole Opry is a weekly country-music stage concert in Nashville , Tennessee , which was founded on November 28 , 1925 , by George D. Hay as a one-hour radio `` barn dance '' on WSM .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
He is the longest-serving Republican Speaker of the House in history , and one of the highest-ranking politicians in U.S. history to have gone to prison .
Among numerous awards and accolades , Rihanna has won eight Grammy Awards , twelve American Music Awards , twelve Billboard Music Awards and the inaugural Icon Award at the American Music Awards of 2013 .
Carole King  ( born Carol Joan Klein , February 9 , 1942 )  is an American composer and singer-songwriter .
Brian Thomas Helgeland  ( born January 17 , 1961 )  is an American screenwriter , film producer and director .
It dramatises the damaging physical and psychological effects of political ambition on those who seek power for its own sake .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade , her films grossed $ 200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962 .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
David Mazouz  (  [ dəˈviːd məˈzuːz ]  born February 19 , 2001 )  is an American actor .
As the son of a United States Army chaplain , Groves lived at a number of Army posts during his childhood .
In November 2002 , he starred in the hip hop film 8 Mile , which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , for `` Lose Yourself '' , becoming the first rap artist to win the award .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
Sriti Jha  ( born February 26 , 1986 )  is an Indian television actress , who appears in the Indian soap opera .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin  ( founded in 2000 )  with test flights to space which started in 2015 , and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018 .
Taylor-Johnson began performing at age six and has appeared in films such as Shanghai Knights  ( 2003 )  , playing a young Charlie Chaplin , The Illusionist  ( 2006 )  and Angus , Thongs and Perfect Snogging  ( 2008 )  .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
Logan Wade Lerman  ( born January 19 , 1992 )  is an American actor , known for playing the title role in the fantasy-adventure Percy Jackson films .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
Pablo F. Fenjves  ( born 16 August 1953 )  is an American screenwriter and ghostwriter based in Los Angeles , California .
Natalie Portman  ( born Neta-Lee Hershlag , נטע-לי הרשלג June 9 , 1981 )  is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
Griffith 's subsequent performance in Something Wild  ( 1986 )  garnered critical acclaim before she was cast in 1988 's Working Girl , which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won her a Golden Globe .
Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film adapted from the novel of the same title by Amanda Brown .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
Stephen John Coogan  ( born 14 October 1965 )  is an Irish-English actor , stand-up comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Furthermore , he is a Money in the Bank ladder match winner  ( 2012 )  , a two-time Royal Rumble winner  ( 2008 , 2013 )  , and a three-time Superstar of the Year Slammy Award winner  ( 2009 , 2010 , 2012 )  .
Prevention is by eating a healthy diet , regular exercise , maintaining a healthy weight and not smoking .
The film was directed by Mike Mitchell and co-directed by Walt Dohrn , written by Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger and based on a story by Erica Rivinoja .
Many victims were said to have been killed in a mixed-use building he owned , located about 3 mi west of the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair and said to have been a World 's Fair Hotel , though evidence suggests that the hotel portion was never truly open for business .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
He was king of Scotland from 1649 until his deposition in 1651 , and king of England , Scotland and Ireland from the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 until his death .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli .
Sriti Jha  ( born February 26 , 1986 )  is an Indian television actress , who appears in the Indian soap opera .
She is the 1958-59 and 1961 French champion .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
It features American rapper Jay Z , who co-wrote the song with its producers Tricky Stewart and Kuk Harrell , with additional writing from The-Dream .
Athena  (  [ əˈθiːnə ]  Attic Greek : Ἀθηνᾶ , Athēnā , or Ἀθηναία , Athēnaia ; Epic : Ἀθηναίη , Athēnaiē ; Doric : Ἀθάνα , Athānā )  or Athene  (  [ əˈθiːniː ]  Ionic : Ἀθήνη , Athēnē )  , often given the epithet Pallas  (  [ ˈpæləs ]  Παλλὰς )  , is the goddess of wisdom , craft , and war in ancient Greek religion and mythology .
A dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire-spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world .
Jing Tian  ( born July 21 , 1988 )  is a Chinese actress .
Matt Cameron became the band 's full-time drummer in 1986 , while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990 .
Earlier in his career , Pertwee had worked as a vaudeville comedian , performed at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and shared a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James .
The awards , first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , are overseen by AMPAS .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
Star Trek  ( 2009 )  won for Best Makeup in 2010 , and four of the previous films were nominated mainly in the areas of makeup , music , set design and sound design .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
The film was a commercial and critical success .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
Italy  ( Italia  [ iˈtaːlja ]  )  , officially the Italian Republic  (  [ Repubblica italiana , links = no ]  )  , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe .
He rose to prominence with roles in two ensemble comedy-dramasDil Chahta Hai  ( 2001 )  and Kal Ho Naa Ho  ( 2003 )  .
Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt .
Spencer Bonaventure Tracy  ( April 5 , 1900 -- June 10 , 1967 )  was an American actor , noted for his natural style and versatility .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
In 1997 , Garland was posthumously awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .
It was broadcast on BBC One from 20 September 2008 to 24 December 2012 for a total of 65 episodes .
Bieber has won numerous awards , including the American Music Award for Artist of the Year in 2010 and 2012 .
The series , starring James Spader , with Candice Bergen , and William Shatner , is a spin-off of the long-running Kelley series The Practice , following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore at the legal firm of Crane , Poole & Schmidt .
He was born in Peekskill , New York , and moved with his parents to Sydney , Australia , when he was 12 years old .
For his work as an artist , Phoenix has received a Grammy Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations .
Sarah Kate Silverman  ( born December 1 , 1970 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
Albany is one of the oldest surviving settlements of the original British thirteen colonies , and the longest continuously chartered city in the United States .
Antinuclear antibodies  ( ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF )  are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus .
On July 9 , 2015 , Teen Wolf was renewed for a sixth season of 20 episodes , which premiered on November 15 , 2016 .
Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa .
In 2015 , Ranaut portrayed a dual role in Tanu Weds Manu Returns , the most successful Bollywood film featuring a female protagonist , for which she won a Filmfare Critics Award and a second consecutive National Film Award for Best Actress .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues , and from country music .
Wood was also known for his flamboyance .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Robyn Rihanna Fenty  (  [ riˈænə ]  born February 20 , 1988 )  is a Barbadian singer , songwriter , and actress .
Merlin is a British fantasy-adventure television programme created by Julian Jones , Jake Michie , Julian Murphy , and Johnny Capps , starring Colin Morgan in the title role .
The United Nations  ( UN )  is an intergovernmental organization to promote international co-operation and to create and maintain international order .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
The film has grossed over $ 1.1 billion worldwide  ( outgrossing each of the Despicable Me films )  , making it the thirteenth highest-grossing film of all time , the second highest-grossing animated film and the highest-grossing non-Disney animated film .
Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones  ( 2009 )  .
He also won the Bronze medal in men 's singles at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
The West Wing contains the Oval Office , the Cabinet Room , the Situation Room , and the Roosevelt Room .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
presented by K. Balachander and produced by Pushpa Kandasamy under banner Kavithalayaa Productions .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
It includes some of the most familiar species of sharks , such as the great white shark , as well as more unusual representatives , such as the goblin shark and the megamouth shark .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
Since this time , Bradford has emerged as a tourist destination , becoming the first UNESCO City of Film with attractions such as the National Science and Media Museum , Bradford City Park , the Alhambra theatre and Cartwright Hall .
He was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s , though his influence began to wane in the early 1970s .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in  ( RBI )  , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Besides the aforementioned news , information and opinions , they include weather forecasts ; criticism and reviews of the arts  ( including literature , film , television , theater , fine arts , and architecture )  and of local services such as restaurants ; obituaries , birth notices and graduation announcements ; entertainment features such as crosswords , horoscopes , editorial cartoons , gag cartoons , and comic strips ; advice columns , food , and other columns ; and radio and television listings  ( program schedules )  .
Marion Cotillard  (  [ ma.ʁjɔ̃ kɔ.ti.jaʁ ]  ; born 30 September 1975 )  is a French actress , singer-songwriter , musician , environmentalist and spokesperson for Greenpeace who achieved international fame with the film La Vie en Rose  ( 2007 )  .
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback , Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver .
Jennifer Grey  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American actress .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
Stephen Robert Irwin  ( 22 February 1962 -- 4 September 2006 )  , nicknamed `` The Crocodile Hunter '' , was an Australian nature expert and television personality .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
In June 2014 , he won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his portrayal of Lyndon B. Johnson in the play All the Way on Broadway .
Having appeared in the children 's television series Barney & Friends while growing up , she rose to fame playing the role of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
John Stewart , known as Green Lantern , is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics and was the first African-American superhero to appear in DC Comics .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
She made her film debut in the musical comedy Camp  ( 2003 )  .
On television , he starred in the CBS drama series A Gifted Man  ( 2011 -- 2012 )  , and as Lou Solverson in the second season of FX 's anthology series Fargo  ( 2015 )  , for which he received a second Golden Globe Award nomination .
Odia  (  [ əˈdiːə ]  )  or Oriya  (  [ ɒˈriːə ]  )  , both renderings of , is a language spoken by 3.2 % of India 's population .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
In 1937 , while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  ( MGM )  , Hanna met Joseph Barbera .
The show revolves around four boys -- Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , Eric Cartman , and Kenny McCormick -- and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
The New York Times  ( sometimes abbreviated NYT and The Times )  is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by The New York Times Company .
Scarlett Johansson stars as Griet , a young 17th-century servant in the household of the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer  ( played by Colin Firth )  at the time he painted Girl with a Pearl Earring  ( 1665 )  in the city of Delft in Holland .
William Jennings Bryan  ( March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 )  was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's nominee for President of the United States  ( 1896 , 1900 , and 1908 )  .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Billie Jean King  ( née Moffitt ; born November 22 , 1943 )  is an American former World No. 1 professional tennis player .
He is the author of Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , which was published in March 2009 , and the book Straight Talk , No Chaser : How to Find and Keep a Man .
In the Republican presidential primary campaign of 1976 , Ford defeated former California Governor Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination .
Most generally , it refers to a regulative principle of the economic exchange of the products of human work : the relative exchange-values of those products in trade , usually expressed by money-prices , are proportional to the average amounts of human labor-time which are currently socially necessary to produce them.Karl Marx , Capital , Volume I , Penguin , pp. 676 -- 77 ; Marx , Capital , Volume III , Penguin ed. , p. 522 .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Gabon  (  [ ɡəˈbɒn ]   [ ɡabɔ̃ ]  )  , officially the Gabonese Republic  ( République gabonaise )  , is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
She has won two Academy Awards for Best Actress and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2007 .
Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
At up to 29.9 m in length and with a maximum recorded weight of 173 tonne and probably reaching over 181 tonnes  ( 200 short tons )  , it is the largest animal known to have ever existed .
Napoleon Bonaparte  (  [ nəˈpoʊliən ˈboʊnəpɑrt ]   [ napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt ]  ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 )  was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Guardians of the Galaxy  ( retroactively referred to as Guardians of the Galaxy Vol .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Hannibal Barca  ( Punic language : ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ `` ð $ ' , Q-R-B L-A - ' - A-B-N-Ḥ ; 247 -- between 183 and 181 BC )  , was a Carthaginian general , considered one of the greatest military commanders in history .
Minaj has received ten Grammy nominations throughout her career , and has won six American Music Awards , eleven BET Awards , three MTV Video Music Awards , four Billboard Music Awards , and was the recipient of Billboards Women in Music 2011 Rising Star award .
The band consists of Thom Yorke  ( lead vocals , guitar , piano , keyboards )  , Jonny Greenwood  ( lead guitar , keyboards , other instruments )  , Ed O'Brien  ( guitar , backing vocals )  , Colin Greenwood  ( bass )  , and Phil Selway  ( drums , percussion , backing vocals )  .
The Star Trek film series is the cinematic branch of the Star Trek media franchise , which began in 1966 as a weekly television series on NBC , running for three seasons until it was canceled in 1969 because of poor ratings .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Franco  ( born April 14 , 1980 )  is an American actor , artist and the founder of the Firehouse Art Collective in Berkeley , California .
All About Eve is a 1950 American drama film written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck .
Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights , more than any heavyweight champion in the sport 's history .
Karenjit Kaur Vohra  ( born May 13 , 1981 )  , known by her stage name Sunny Leone  ( pronounced  [ ˈsənē lēˈōn ' ē ]  )  , is an actress and model , currently active in Indian film industry .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
Birth of the Dragon is a 2016 American biopic martial arts action film directed by George Nolfi and written by Christopher Wilkinson and Stephen J. Rivele .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
Following the Cambodian coup of 1970 , the deposed king gave his support to his former enemies , the Khmer Rouge .
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film , the third installment in the Toy Story series , and the sequel to Toy Story 2  ( 1999 )  .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
The White Sox play their home games at Guaranteed Rate Field , located on the city 's South Side .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Hungarians can be classified into several subgroups according to local linguistic and cultural characteristics ; subgroups with distinct identities include the Székelys , the Csángós , the Palóc , and the Jász people .
Jerome Allen `` Jerry '' Seinfeld  ( born April 29 , 1954 )  is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer , and director .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
After a protracted development and despite operational issues , the USAF considers the F-22 critical to its tactical air power , and says that the aircraft is unmatched by any known or projected fighter .
One of the oldest cities in the United States , Boston was founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from England .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
Anne Marie Cancelmi  ( born July 31 , 1975 )  , known professionally as Annie Parisse , is an American actress .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe  ( born 23 July 1989 )  is an English actor best known for his role as Harry Potter in the film series of the same name .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
He is widely considered as one of the most popular actors of Hindi cinema , who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
He is known for his singles `` What They Want '' and `` Losin Control '' , which peaked respectively at number 83 and 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
The Revolution overthrew the monarchy , established a republic , experienced violent periods of political turmoil , and finally culminated in a dictatorship under Napoleon that rapidly brought many of its principles to Western Europe and beyond .
He was the co-founder , chairman , and chief executive officer  ( CEO )  of Apple Inc. ; CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar ; a member of The Walt Disney Company 's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar ; and founder , chairman , and CEO of NeXT .
Blind Faith was an English blues rock band , composed of Eric Clapton , Ginger Baker , Steve Winwood , and Ric Grech .
A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth-best American rock band in history .
It is visited by approximately 16 million tourists every year  ( 2014 )  , making it the 16th most visited country in the world .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .
The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger , Bob Kane , and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman  ( April 25 , 1940 )  published by DC Comics .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
The country is host to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and five international courts : the Permanent Court of Arbitration , the International Court of Justice , the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Criminal Court and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon .
As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller The Hunger Games , it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
Florence Glenda Chapman  ( née Ballard ; June 30 , 1943 -- February 22 , 1976 )  was an American vocalist .
It is notable for the introduction of the character Tigger .
Margaret Eleanor Atwood ,  ( born November 18 , 1939 )  is a Canadian poet , novelist , literary critic , essayist , and environmental activist .
The series has also been adapted into various manga and light novels with the former showing various alternate scenarios from the TV series .
He has also won a Golden Globe Award , a BAFTA Award , and was nominated in 2002 for Screen Actors Guild Awards in the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries categories .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
It is the world 's largest twinjet and has a typical seating capacity of 314 to 396 passengers , with a range of 5240 to .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
He was also presented with the Distinguished Screenwriter Award at the 2009 Austin Film Festival and the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement from the Writers Guild of America in 2011 .
My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent adventure drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant , loosely based on Shakespeare 's Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V , and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves .
Naomi Ellen Watts  ( born 28 September 1968 )  is an English actress and film producer .
Ann Lois Romney  ( née Davies ; born April 16 , 1949 )  is the wife of American businessman and politician , Mitt Romney .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Born and raised in the Austrian Empire , Tesla received an advanced education in engineering and physics in the 1870s and gained practical experience in the early 1880s working in telephony and at Continental Edison in the new electric power industry .
He voices the lead character Sora in the Kingdom Hearts video game series .
It is the sequel to the 2014 film Divergent and the second installment in The Divergent Series , produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback .
The Star Trek film series is the cinematic branch of the Star Trek media franchise , which began in 1966 as a weekly television series on NBC , running for three seasons until it was canceled in 1969 because of poor ratings .
He first achieved mainstream recognition for his highly successful manga Dr. Slump , before going on to create Dragon Ball -- his best-known work -- and acting as a character designer for several popular video games such as the Dragon Quest series , Blue Dragon and Chrono Trigger .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Positioned below the rattlesnake are the words `` DONT TREAD ON ME '' .
He set up practice in Atlanta , Georgia , but he was soon diagnosed with tuberculosis , the same disease that had claimed his mother when he was 15 , having acquired it while tending to her needs while she was still in the contagious phase of the illness .
The taxa joined together in the tree are implied to have descended from a common ancestor .
After winning an Academy Award for From Here to Eternity , he starred in The Man with the Golden Arm  ( 1955 )  , and received critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate  ( 1962 )  .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000 , to be replaced by a new comprehensive , Fairfield High School , at first on the same site , but now located in Stottbury Road , Bristol .
Her film appearances include The Fortune  ( 1975 )  , The Big Bus  ( 1976 )  , The Cheap Detective  ( 1978 )  , Heartburn  ( 1986 )  , Up Close & Personal  ( 1996 )  , Practical Magic  ( 1998 )  , and Woody Allen 's Anything Else  ( 2003 )  .
The Germanic peoples  ( also called Teutonic , Suebian , or Gothic in older literature )  are an Indo-European ethno-linguistic group of Northern European origin .
Artemis  (  [ ˈɑːrtᵻmᵻs ]  Ἄρτεμις , Modern Greek : Άρτεμις , Ártemis ,  [ ár.te.mis ]  )  was one of the most widely venerated of the Ancient Greek deities .
It was nominated for four Academy Awards -- Best Actress , Best Supporting Actress , Best Adapted Screenplay , and Best Original Score .
He won the WBC heavyweight title in 1986 by defeating Pinklon Thomas , but lost it in his first defence to Mike Tyson , who was then undefeated at 20 years old .
Robert John Downey Jr.  ( born April 4 , 1965 )  is an American actor .
It is the world 's second-largest religion and the fastest-growing major religion in the world , with over 1.8 billion followers or 24.1 % of the global population , known as Muslims .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Gellar also gained significant attention for her appearances in the slasher movies I Know What You Did Last Summer  ( 1997 )  and Scream 2  ( 1997 )  , and for her portrayal of Kathryn Merteuil in Cruel Intentions  ( 1999 )  .
Benin  (  [ bᵻˈniːn ,   - ˈnɪn ]  or - ;  [ bɛˈniːn ]  ; Bénin  [ benɛ̃ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Benin  ( République du Bénin )  and formerly Dahomey , is a country in West Africa .
In 2010 , Hall won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his role in Dexter .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Although the Joker was planned to be killed off during his initial appearance , he was spared by editorial intervention , allowing the character to endure as the archenemy of the superhero Batman .
Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
He gained worldwide popularity for his double sprint victory at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in world record times .
Martina Navratilova  ( Martina Navrátilová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈnavraːcɪlovaː ]  ; born Martina Šubertová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈʃubɛrtovaː ]  ; October 18 , 1956 )  is a Czech and American retired tennis player and coach .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Warren Edward Buffett  (  [ ˈbʌfᵻt ]  born August 30 , 1930 )  is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .
The film has also received four Independent Spirit Award nominations  ( including one win )  , a Golden Globe nomination , and two Academy Award nominations .
Born and raised in Tennessee , he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child .
The domestic dog  ( Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris )  is a member of genus Canis  ( canines )  that forms part of the wolf-like canids , and is the most widely abundant carnivore .
River Jude Phoenix  ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 -- October 31 , 1993 )  was an American actor , musician , and activist .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
Described as an anthology series , each season is conceived as a self-contained miniseries , following a disparate set of characters and settings , and a storyline with its own `` beginning , middle , and end . ''
Dangerously in Love is the debut studio album by American singer Beyoncé .
He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total .
Ramadan  (  [ ˌræməˈdɑːn ]  رمضان ,  [ ramaˈdˤaːn ]  ; In Arabic phonology , it can be  [  [ rɑmɑˈdˤɑːn , ramadˤɑːn , ræmæˈdˤɑːn ]  ]  , depending on the region .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
She holds the Mixed Doubles title at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships with Henri Kontinen .
The Bends  ( stylised as the bends )  is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 13 March 1995 by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom and by Capitol Records in the United States .
Jared Corey Kushner  ( born January 10 , 1981 )  is an American real estate investor and developer , newspaper owner , and senior advisor to President Donald Trump .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
He is most known for his role as David Hale on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy , and writing the screenplay for the Denis Villeneuve-directed Sicario  ( 2015 )  , for which he received a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
The film stars Katherine Heigl , Rosario Dawson , Geoff Stults , Isabella Rice and Cheryl Ladd , and follows a divorcée who begins to torment the new fiancé of her ex-husband .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
In the 20th and 21st centuries , mathematicians and computer scientists discovered new approaches that , when combined with increasing computational power , extended the decimal representation of to many trillions of digits after the decimal point .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Laadla  ( translation : The Beloved Son )  is a Bollywood film released on 17 April 1994 , starring Sridevi , Anil Kapoor and Raveena Tandon .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
Elvis Aaron Presley  ( January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 )  was an American singer-songwriter and actor .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
It is based on the DC Comics character Green Arrow , a costumed crime-fighter created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp .
John Clayton Mayer  (  [ ˈmeɪ.ɚ ]  born October 16 , 1977 )  is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions  ( 2012 )  , as the opening track .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Starbucks Corporation is an American coffee company and coffeehouse chain .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
Indian  ( Tamil : இந்தியன் )  is a 1996 Indian Tamil vigilante crime thriller film written and directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam .
Anderson da Silva  (  [ ˈɐ̃deʁsõ ˈsiwvɐ ]  ; born April 14 , 1975 )  is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Middleweight Champion .
is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 home video console .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
She is also the recipient of ten Grammy Awards , five Guinness World Records , one Emmy Award , 21 Billboard Music Awards , 11 Country Music Association Awards , eight Academy of Country Music Awards , and one Brit Award .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues , and from country music .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Lisa Nicole Lopes  ( May 27 , 1971 -- April 25 , 2002 )  , better known by her stage name Left Eye , was an American hip hop singer , rapper , actress , songwriter and producer .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
His second album Exclusive  ( 2007 )  spawned his second Hot 100 number one `` Kiss Kiss '' , in addition to `` With You '' and `` Forever '' .
Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products .
Watts directed and co-wrote the upcoming Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures produced Spider-Man : Homecoming , slated for a July 7 , 2017 release .
The film is a sequel to the 2012 film Prometheus , the second installment in the Alien prequel series , and the sixth installment overall in the Alien film series , as well as the third directed by Scott .
Hamilton also holds the record for most wins in the season without winning the World Championship , after winning 10 times in the 2016 season where he finished runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg .
In 2010 , Hall won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his role in Dexter .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss  ( 1971 )  and Fist of Fury  ( 1972 )  ; Golden Harvest 's Way of the Dragon  ( 1972 )  , directed and written by Lee ; Golden Harvest and Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon  ( 1973 )  and The Game of Death  ( 1978 )  , both directed by Robert Clouse .
The film stars Tina Fey , Margot Robbie , Martin Freeman , Christopher Abbott , Alfred Molina , and Billy Bob Thornton .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
Holley was born in Lubbock , Texas , to a musical family during the Great Depression ; he learned to play guitar and to sing alongside his siblings .
Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .
He is often called England 's national poet , and the `` Bard of Avon '' .
Soon after he launched his first high-end restaurant , Jamie 's Italian , in Oxford in 2008 and hosted a TED Talk winning him the 2010 TED Prize .
Thomas B. Kin Chong  ( born May 24 , 1938 )  is a Canadian-American comedian and actor , who is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin , as well as playing the character Leo on Fox 's That '70s Show .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
His net worth is estimated to be US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 , and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world .
Evil , in a general context is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
James D. `` Jim '' Grant  ( born 29 October 1954 )  , better known by his pen name Lee Child , is a British author who writes thriller novels .
Charles , Prince of Wales  ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 )  is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
Sherman-Palladino , her husband Daniel Palladino , David S. Rosenthal , and Gavin Polone served as the executive producers .
He frequently works with Joel Cohen .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Daniel Michael DeVito , Jr.  ( born November 17 , 1944 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
Three of his early hits later won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards  ( 2000 , 2004 , 2008 )  , while Campbell himself won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012 .
Winona Ryder  ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 )  is an American actress .
He was one of the thirteen men who founded Juventus in 1897 and the club 's first ever president .
The iPhone 3G is internally similar to its predecessor , but included several new hardware features , such as GPS , 3G data and tri-band UMTS/HSDPA .
After the split of his first band , Feeble , Barker began playing for the Aquabats in 1996 as the Baron Von Tito .
The play was previously made into the silent movie Easy Virtue  ( 1928 )  by Alfred Hitchcock .
The film is a loose reworking of Federico Fellini 's 1965 film Juliet of the Spirits .
Andre Kirk Agassi  (  [ ˈɑːndreɪ ˈæɡəsi ]  born April 29 , 1970 )  is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
Huntington 's disease  ( HD )  , also known as Huntington 's chorea , is an inherited disorder that results in death of brain cells .
Injustice 2 introduces a new feature called the Gear System , a loot-dropping system that rewards players with costume pieces and equipment that can be used to customize characters ' appearances and modify their abilities and stats .
His most commercially successful role to date has been that of Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter film series .
Emily Jane Browning  ( born 7 December 1988 )  is an Australian actress and singer .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
Her other film roles included Shampoo  ( 1975 )  , The Blues Brothers  ( 1980 )  , Hannah and Her Sisters  ( 1986 )  , The ` Burbs  ( 1989 )  , and When Harry Met Sally ...  ( 1989 )  .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy  ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 6 , 1968 )  , commonly known by his initials RFK , was an American politician from Massachusetts .
Evan Rachel Wood  ( born September 7 , 1987 )  is an American actress and musician .
It is located in the Cusco Region , Urubamba Province , Machupicchu District in Peru , above the Sacred Valley , which is 80 km northwest of Cuzco and through which the Urubamba River flows .
She also has won 12 singles and 14 doubles titles on the ITF Women 's Circuit .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' is a song written by George Harrison that was first released on the Beatles ' 1969 album Abbey Road .
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Stephen Ray Vaughan  ( October 3 , 1954 -- August 27 , 1990 )  was an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
By 1933 , the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag , which led to Hitler 's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933 .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
`` Live Your Life '' is a song by American rapper T.I. , from his sixth studio album , Paper Trail  ( 2008 )  , and features Barbadian singer Rihanna .
The band experienced multiple line-up changes , with Iommi being the only constant member throughout its history .
A seven-time Academy Award nominee , she received her first nomination for They Shoot Horses , Do n't They  ( 1969 )  and went on to win two Best Actress Oscars in the 1970s for Klute  ( 1971 )  and Coming Home  ( 1978 )  .
Montreal  (  [ audio = Montreal-English-pronunciation .
Lee Min-ho  ( , born June 22 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor and singer .
Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film directed by Tim Miller and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Blunt made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play The Royal Family .
is a Japanese media franchise created by Akira Toriyama .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
In 1990 , she rose to fame with the release of `` Vision of Love '' from her eponymous debut album .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
Jennifer Kate Hudson  ( born September 12 , 1981 )  is an American singer , actress and spokesperson .
In 2006 , the United States Library of Congress deemed this film `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' , and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry , saying `` the plot of a trek along the Oregon Trail is aided immensely by the majestic sweep provided by the experimental Grandeur wide-screen process used in filming '' .
Most of his work has been in the hard rock and alternative metal styles , though he trained in jazz guitar and has substantial connections with avant-garde music and film soundtrack composition .
The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier , Christian Bale as Alfred Borden , and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla .
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E. / Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995 , hosted by Ed McMahon , and created by Alfred Masini .
The Conjuring 2 is a 2016 American horror film directed by James Wan and written by Carey Hayes , Chad Hayes , Wan and David Leslie Johnson .
William James `` Count '' Basie  ( August 21 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1984 )  was an American jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
The Great Debaters is a 2007 American biographical drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington .
The band , which was one of the first `` super-groups '' , released their only album , Blind Faith , in August 1969 .
Ceres  (  [ ˈsɪəriːz ]  minor-planet designation : 1 Ceres )  is the largest object in the asteroid belt that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The series is set in Atlantic City , New Jersey during the Prohibition era and stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson .
Caryn Mandabach is an American television producer .
In 1984 she made her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas , and subsequently appeared in the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day .
He subsequently played d'Artagnan in 2011 's The Three Musketeers , starred in the coming-of-age dramas The Perks of Being a Wallflower  ( 2012 )  , Indignation  ( 2016 )  and Sidney Hall  ( 2017 )  , and had major roles in the 2014 films Noah and Fury .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 .
Kazakhstan  (  [ USkæzækˈstæn ,   ˌkɑːzɑːkˈstɑːn ]  ,  [ ˌkæzəkˈstɑːn ,   - ˈstæn ]  Қазақстан , tr .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
Xbox One is a line of home video game consoles developed by Microsoft .
Trolls is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical romantic comedy adventure film based on the Troll dolls created by Thomas Dam .
She is known for playing Betty Rizzo in the film Grease  ( 1978 )  and First Lady Abbey Bartlet on the NBC television series The West Wing  ( 1999 -- 2006 )  .
The series is based on A Game of Thrones , the first novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin , adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
Alexander Hamilton  ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757July 12 , 1804 )  was an American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
From 1999 , Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism and encouraged economic privatisation , rapprochement with Western nations , and Pan-Africanism ; he was Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 -- 10 .
His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance .
Written by Glenn German and Adam Rodgers , the film follows a man and a woman as they meet and fall in love while taking their children on a college tour .
John Devon Roland Pertwee  ( 7 July 1919 -- 20 May 1996 )  , known professionally as Jon Pertwee , was an English actor , entertainer and cabaret performer .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
Elephants are large mammals of the family Elephantidae and the order Proboscidea .
Gang Signs & Prayer is the debut studio album by English grime artist Stormzy .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Star Trek is an American science fiction media franchise based on the television series created by Gene Roddenberry .
The series follows cult science fiction actor Wray Nerely  ( Tudyk )  , as he tours the convention circuit .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
She is the daughter of producer Beryl Vertue .
Respublika Kazakhstan )  , is a transcontinental country in northern Central Asia and Eastern Europe .
Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series The X-Files , ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies ' film The House of Mirth  ( 2000 )  , and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series The Fall .
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia .
According to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( FBI )  , a hate group 's `` primary purpose is to promote animosity , hostility , and malice against persons belonging to a race , religion , disability , sexual orientation , or ethnicity/national origin which differs from that of the members of the organization . ''
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions  ( 2012 )  , as the opening track .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
In 2015 , Down syndrome was present in 5.4 million individuals and resulted in 27,000 deaths down from 43,000 deaths in 1990 .
The songs can be sequential , or by beatmatching the songs and creating overlaps and fades between the end of one song and the beginning of another the tape may become a seamless whole .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Snowden is a 2016 American-German biographical political thriller film directed by Oliver Stone and written by Stone and Kieran Fitzgerald , based on the books The Snowden Files by Luke Harding and Time of the Octopus by Anatoly Kucherena .
The film was widely acclaimed by critics , who praised the animation 's technical innovation , the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay , and the performances of Hanks and Allen .
Born and raised in the Southeastern United States , Turner relinquished her American citizenship after obtaining Swiss citizenship in 2013 .
He is Journey 's last original constant member , having participated in every album and tour to date .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
He has won seven times on the PGA Tour , with these wins spanning over 12 years .
Except in military defence and foreign affairs , Hong Kong maintains its independent executive , legislative and judiciary powers .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx , the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
New Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana , straddling the Mississippi River .
She attended Brigham Young University  ( BYU )  , married Mitt Romney in 1969 , and in 1975 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in French .
A Perfect Circle has released three albums : their debut Mer de Noms in 2000 , a follow up , Thirteenth Step in 2003 , and an album of cover songs titled Emotive in 2004 .
Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
She won the BAFTA Rising Star Award in 2010 and was awarded the Milan International Film Festival Award for Best Actress in 2011 for Welcome to the Rileys  ( 2010 )  .
Jessica Phyllis Lange  (  [ læŋ ]  born April 20 , 1949 )  is an American actress who has received worldwide acclaim for her work in film , theater , and television .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
Caryn Mandabach is an American television producer .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
`` Do n't Let Me Down '' became their first top 5 single there and won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 59th awards ceremony , while `` Closer '' became their first number-one single on the chart .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
Chris Hemsworth  ( born 11 August 1983 )  is an Australian actor .
Keenan is also the lead singer of A Perfect Circle .
It was released as the album 's second single on November 29 , 1994 , by Maverick Records .
Tupac Amaru Shakur  (  [ ˈtuːpɑːk ʃəˈkʊər ]  ; born Lesane Parish Crooks ; June 16 , 1971September 13 , 1996 )  , also known by his stage names 2Pac , Makaveli , and Pac , was an American rapper , record producer , actor , and poet .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
In 1995 , Hawke first appeared in Richard Linklater 's romance trilogy , co-starring opposite Julie Delpy in Before Sunrise , and later in its sequels Before Sunset  ( 2004 )  and Before Midnight  ( 2013 )  , all of which met with critical acclaim .
She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark in the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones in 2011 , for which she won the EWwy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama , the Portal Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Television and Best Young Actor , and the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor .
The United Nations  ( UN )  is an intergovernmental organization to promote international co-operation and to create and maintain international order .
An ethnic Hungarian , she was born and raised in Novi Sad , SFR Yugoslavia .
Alicia Silverstone  (  [ æˈliːsiə ˈsɪlvəstoʊn ]  born October 4 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , author , and activist .
Michael Edward `` Mike '' Love  ( born March 15 , 1941 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beach Boys .
Liana Daine Liberato  ( born August 20 , 1995 )  is an American television and film actress .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
Suicide Kings is a 1997 American mystery crime film based on Don Stanford 's short story The Hostage and directed by Peter O'Fallon .
He is known for his slapstick humor in film , television , stage and radio .
Through his young adult years , Barbera lived , attended college , and began his career in New York City .
Albert Arnold Gore Jr.  ( born March 31 , 1948 )  is an American politician and environmentalist who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton .
It shares land borders with India and Myanmar  ( Burma )  .
MacFarlane is the creator of the TV series Family Guy  ( 1999 -- 2003 , 2005 -- present )  , co-creator of the TV series American Dad !
He played his entire 20-year career with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
The name Minneapolis is attributed to Charles Hoag , the city 's first schoolteacher , who combined mni , a Dakota Sioux word for water , and polis , the Greek word for city .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
The tenth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who premiered on 15 April 2017 and is set to consist of twelve episodes , after it was released in July 2015 that BBC Worldwide had invested in a tenth series of the programme in its annual review .
Paul Thomas Anderson  ( born June 26 , 1970 )  also known as P.T. Anderson , is an American filmmaker .
Jazz Jennings  ( born )  is an American YouTube personality , spokesmodel , television personality and LGBTQ rights activist .
A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage .
He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers , especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes .
The film follows the life of notorious prisoner Michael Gordon Peterson , who was renamed Charles Bronson by his fight promoter .
He is a member of the Republican Party , and was sworn in as governor on January 5 , 2015 .
Approximately 90 % of the Niagara River , after diversions for hydropower generation , flows over Horseshoe Falls .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Complications occur in about 30 % and may include diarrhea , blindness , inflammation of the brain , and pneumonia among others .
His books have sold more than 250 million copies worldwide .
He found further popular and critical success with The Dark Knight Trilogy  ( 2005 -- 2012 )  ; Inception  ( 2010 )  , for which he received a second Original Screenplay nomination and one for the Academy Award for Best Picture ; and Interstellar  ( 2014 )  .
The film was written by husband and wife team Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .
Rafael `` Rafa '' Nadal Parera  (  [ rəfəˈɛɫ nəˈðaɫ pəˈɾeɾə ]  ,  [ rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa ]  ; born 3 June 1986 )  is a Spanish professional tennis player .
It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations , European Union , and NATO .
In 2004 , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
After the release of Korn 's 1994 self-titled debut album , the band asked Ross Robinson to produce and went back to Indigo Ranch to record .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn .
Kurt Vogel Russell  ( born March 17 , 1951 )  is an American actor .
Jay Alan Sekulow  ( born June 10 , 1956 )  is an American attorney and Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice  ( ACLJ )  .
The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
His 2011 album and first following his release , Tha Carter IV , sold 964,000 copies in its first week of availability in the United States .
In 1908 Belgium , despite initial reluctance , formally annexed the Free State from Leopold , which became the Belgian Congo .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
He is a naturalized Singaporean citizen .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's novel of the same name .
The series focuses on the professional and personal lives of a group of New York City firefighters , post 9/11 .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
It originally aired for eight seasons on ABC , from October 3 , 2004 to May 13 , 2012 .
The Pastry War , the Franco-Mexican War , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship occurred through the 19th century .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
The film stars Heather Langenkamp , John Saxon , Ronee Blakley , Amanda Wyss , Jsu Garcia , Robert Englund , and Johnny Depp in his feature film debut .
Besides singing , she plays keyboards , percussion , banjo , and ukulele .
Israel  (  [ ˈɪzreiəl ]  ; )  , officially the State of Israel  (  [ mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel ]  دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل  [ dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl ]  )  , is a country in the Middle East , on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea .
The series was created by a British collaboration consisting of writer Alan Moore , artist Dave Gibbons , and colorist John Higgins .
Goat Island  ( previously called Iris Island )  is a small island in the Niagara River , located in the middle of Niagara Falls between the Bridal Veil Falls and the Horseshoe Falls .
Trevor Berbick  ( August 1 , 1954 -- October 28 , 2006 )  was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer who competed from 1976 to 2000 .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
W. Axl Rose  ( born William Bruce Rose Jr. ; raised as William Bruce Bailey ; February 6 , 1962 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and musician .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Wahlberg was known as Marky Mark in his early career as frontman for the group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch , releasing the albums Music for the People and You Got ta Believe .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Kristoffer `` Kris '' Kristofferson  ( born June 22 , 1936 )  is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and actor .
She had leading roles in the sci-fi action-horror film Priest  ( 2011 )  and the psychological action-thriller film Abduction , and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Sci-Fi/Fantasy for her role as Snow White in the fantasy film Mirror Mirror .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
Elizabeth Irene Banks  ( née Mitchell ; February 10 , 1974 )  is an American actress , director , and producer .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry .
She twice won the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress , for Ask Any Girl  ( 1959 )  , and The Apartment  ( 1960 )  ; and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy-Variety or Music Special for the 1976 TV special , Gypsy In My Soul .
`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad  ( 2007 )  .
He is also the author of the novels The Maze of the Muse and Sweet Sentence , and the travel books The King Neptune Day & Night Club , and Cafe Royale  ( also published as The Blue Man )  .
At Middleton is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Adam Rodgers and starring Andy García , Vera Farmiga , Taissa Farmiga , and Spencer Lofranco .
She has also appeared in other theatre and television roles , and has lent her voice to animated television and films .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson  ( December 10 , 1830 -- May 15 , 1886 )  was an American poet .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn , released on October 15 , 1996 through both Immortal Records and Epic Records .
, `` Sorry '' , and `` Love Yourself '' .
He received an Emmy Award nomination for his work on Saturday Night Live , and two Golden Globe Award nominations for The Producers  ( 2005 )  and Stranger than Fiction  ( 2006 )  .
From 2004 until 2008 , he starred as attorney Denny Crane in the final season of the legal drama The Practice and its spinoff series Boston Legal '' , a role that earned him two Emmy Awards .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Beyond Westworld is a 1980 television series that carried on the stories of the two feature films Westworld and Futureworld .
In 1983 , readers of Guitar Player voted him Best New Talent and Best Electric Blues Guitar Player .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
It was directed by Steve Binder and produced by Binder and Bones Howe .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
Many 737s serve markets previously filled by 707 , 727 , 757 , DC-9 , and MD-80 / MD-90 airliners , and the aircraft currently competes primarily with the Airbus A320 family .
He is the primary anchor of the CNN news show Anderson Cooper 360 ° .
He worked as a comedy writer in the 1950s , writing jokes and scripts for television and publishing several books of short humor pieces .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
He is best known for his roles as Joseph `` Jody '' Summers in Baby Boy , Roman Pearce in the Fast and the Furious series and Robert Epps in the Transformers film series .
It was incorporated in 1892 and achieved City status in 1992 , one hundred years after incorporation .
Fantasy films are films that belong to the fantasy genre with fantastic themes , usually involving magic , supernatural events , mythology , folklore , or exotic fantasy worlds .
Her achievements include twelve Guinness World Records , three Brit Awards , and six Grammy Awards .
After the series finale of Friends in 2004 , Schwimmer was cast as the title character in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood .
The series is set in Atlantic City , New Jersey during the Prohibition era and stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson .
Animal Farm is an allegorical novella by George Orwell , first published in England on 17 August 1945 .
Christoph Waltz  (  [ ˈkrɪstɔf ˈvalts ]  ; born 4 October 1956 )  is an Austrian-German actor .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
The Eagles disbanded in July 1980 but reunited in 1994 for the album Hell Freezes Over , a mix of live and new studio tracks .
The film features an ensemble cast , consisting of Franco , Nat Wolff , Josh Hutcherson , Selena Gomez , Vincent D'Onofrio , Analeigh Tipton , Zach Braff , Bryan Cranston , Ed Harris , and Robert Duvall .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre of N.W.A , and as a result was prominently featured throughout Dr. Dre 's solo debut album , The Chronic  ( 1992 )  .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
From 1996 to 1998 , Yates is known to have murdered at least 13 women , all of whom were sex workers working on Spokane 's `` Skid Row '' on E. Sprague Avenue .
Baloo , a bear , is the strict teacher of the cubs of the Seeonee wolf pack .
Alien : Covenant is a 2017 American science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper , with a story by Michael Green and Jack Paglen .
In addition to acting in film , Kapoor has hosted the 16th IIFA Awards ceremony in 2015 and the seventh season of the television reality show Fear Factor : Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2016 .
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
He has been starring in the drama series Blue Bloods as Danny Reagan with Tom Selleck  ( his TV father )  and Bridget Moynahan  ( his TV sister )  since 2010 , and since 2014 is an executive producer of the TNT reality television show Boston 's Finest .
Sir Elton Hercules John ,  ( born Reginald Kenneth Dwight ; 25 March 1947 )  is an English singer , pianist , and composer .
The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences .
The film received widespread negative reception from critics and grossed $ 305 million worldwide .
In March 2012 , he was listed by Forbes magazine as one of the richest Russians with an estimated fortune of $ 1.1 billion .
Willard Mitt Romney  ( born March 12 , 1947 )  is an American businessman and politician who served as the 70th Governor of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2007 and the Republican Party 's nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
Land Rover is a car brand that specialises in four-wheel-drive vehicles , owned by British multinational car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover , which has been owned by India 's Tata Motors since 2008 .
He is known for playing Kane Jenkins in the New Zealand prime-time soap opera Shortland Street .
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo .
The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas , tin , copper and gold .
The film includes cameos by George Segal , David Cronenberg , author Maynard , and screenwriter Henry .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
It depicts a dystopian future in which reality as perceived by most humans is actually a simulated reality called `` the Matrix '' , created by sentient machines to subdue the human population , while their bodies ' heat and electrical activity are used as an energy source .
Brittany Murphy-Monjack  ( born Brittany Anne Bertolotti ; November 10 , 1977 -- December 20 , 2009 )  , known professionally as Brittany Murphy , was an American film and stage actress , singer , and voice artist .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
The success of Android has made it a target for patent and copyright litigation as part of the so-called `` smartphone wars '' between technology companies .
Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written , produced and directed by Cameron Crowe , and stars Tom Cruise , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger .
During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
Steve Mouzakis is an Australian film , television and theatre actor .
The tournament was held at the Singapore Indoor Stadium , and contested by eight singles players and eight doubles teams .
Anne Marie Cancelmi  ( born July 31 , 1975 )  , known professionally as Annie Parisse , is an American actress .
Many different authors contributed to the Bible .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 .
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
Yardie was the first novel by Jamaican-born British writer Victor Headley , published in London in 1992 by Dotun Adebayo 's X Press .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The city proper has since expanded past its original borders through amalgamation with surrounding municipalities at various times in its history to its current area of 630.2 km2 .
Trump 's father , Frederick , died when Trump was 13 years old .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
He has performed in leading roles in a variety of films , ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action films .
The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Elbe , one of the first known recipients of sex reassignment surgery , Alicia Vikander as Wegener , Ben Whishaw as Henrik , Sebastian Koch as Dr. Kurt Warnekros , Amber Heard as Ulla Paulson and Matthias Schoenaerts as Hans Axgil .
Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' .
It has the third-largest planetary radius and fourth-largest planetary mass in the Solar System .
In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 .
The album has had a strong cultural impact ; the song `` Time of the Preacher '' has been used often in the series Edge of Darkness , and its lyrics were used as well in the first issue of the comic Preacher .
The club have been FA Cup finalists four times , in 1948 -- 49 , 1960 -- 61 , 1962 -- 63 and 1968 -- 69 .
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale  ( born 26 July 1973 )  is an English actress .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
It stars Jennifer Lopez , Ralph Fiennes , and Natasha Richardson .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
After various modeling work , he made his acting debut as Leo du Pres on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and later starred as Danny McCoy on NBC 's Las Vegas .
Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film co-written , produced , and directed by Ben Stiller .
Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , the tide gradually turned against the Nazis , who suffered major military defeats in 1943 .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
The Killing Joke provides an origin story for the supervillain the Joker , loosely adapted from the 1951 story arc `` The Man Behind the Red Hood ! ''
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
The film is a remake of the 1973 film of the same name by George A. Romero , who is an executive producer of the remake .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
A Christian state is a country that recognizes a form of Christianity as its official religion and often has a state church , which is a Christian denomination that supports the government and is supported by the government .
A red , flat rash which usually starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body typically begins three to five days after the start of symptoms .
Besides the aforementioned news , information and opinions , they include weather forecasts ; criticism and reviews of the arts  ( including literature , film , television , theater , fine arts , and architecture )  and of local services such as restaurants ; obituaries , birth notices and graduation announcements ; entertainment features such as crosswords , horoscopes , editorial cartoons , gag cartoons , and comic strips ; advice columns , food , and other columns ; and radio and television listings  ( program schedules )  .
Based on Émile Zola 's 1867 classic novel Thérèse Raquin , the film stars Elizabeth Olsen , Tom Felton , Oscar Isaac and Jessica Lange .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
Ayn Rand  (  [ ˈaɪn ˈrænd ]  born Alisa Zinov ` yevna Rosenbaum , Али́са Зино́вьевна Розенба́ум -- March 6 , 1982 )  was a Russian-American novelist , philosopher , playwright , and screenwriter .
Her is a 2013 American romantic science-fiction drama film written , directed , and produced by Spike Jonze .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
John Gavin Malkovich  ( born December 9 , 1953 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
Chastain made her film debut in the drama Jolene  ( 2008 )  , and gained wide recognition in 2011 for starring roles in half a dozen films , including the dramas Take Shelter and The Tree of Life .
Holly Hunter  ( born March 20 , 1958 )  is an American actress and producer .
John Henry `` Doc '' Holliday  ( August 14 , 1851 -- November 8 , 1887 )  was an American gambler , gunfighter , and dentist , and a good friend of Wyatt Earp .
The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , and the best-known and most commercially successful adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum .
Chakraborty is best remembered for his role as Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer which was a superhit in India and also in many other countries in the world , especially Russia .
It was broadcast on Sunday at 9:00 pm in the United States , consisting of 10 episodes , each running approximately 50 -- 60 minutes .
Due to his powerful and wide vocal range and energetic live performances , Rose has been named one of the greatest singers of all time by various media outlets , including Rolling Stone and NME .
Mediterranean cuisine represents the foods and methods of preparation by people of the Mediterranean Basin region , primarily as it pertains to Southern Europe .
His debut studio album , Channel Orange , was released in July 2012 to critical acclaim and reached No. 2 on the Billboard 200 .
She has worked as a spokesmodel for Dannon and H&M , and has appeared in numerous commercials for McDonald 's , Volkswagen and others .
Praised by critics at the time of its release , All About Eve received 14 Academy Awards nominations  ( a feat only matched by the 1997 film Titanic and the 2016 film La La Land )  and won six , including Best Picture .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
Alkaline Trio is an American punk rock band from McHenry , Illinois .
The company specializes in electric cars , Lithium-ion battery energy storage , and , through their SolarCity subsidiary , residential solar panels .
The film was a commercial and critical success .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
The Strain is an American horror drama television series that premiered on FX on July 13 , 2014 .
Not all tumors are cancerous ; benign tumors do not spread to other parts of the body .
Sigmund Freud  (  [ ` frɔɪd ]  ;  [ ˈziːkmʊnt ˈfʁɔʏt ]  ; born Sigismund Schlomo Freud ; 6 May 1856 -- 23 September 1939 )  was an Austrian neurologist and the founder of psychoanalysis , a clinical method for treating psychopathology through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst .
He began acting in the 1970s , playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and a starring role in Days of Heaven .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
Muhammad gained few early followers , and met hostility from some Meccan tribes .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million , which sold 3 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
Thomas B. Kin Chong  ( born May 24 , 1938 )  is a Canadian-American comedian and actor , who is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin , as well as playing the character Leo on Fox 's That '70s Show .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr.  ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon .
System of a Down has sold over 40 million records worldwide .
It was founded in 1991 by Linda Wells .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums , and sold over 100 million records worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets .
In 2005 , Tennis magazine selected her as the greatest female tennis player for the years 1965 through 2005 .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
In 1991 , he released a self-titled debut album and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States the following year .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
David Lawrence Schwimmer  ( born November 2 , 1966 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American aerospace manufacturer based in Southern California .
He continued to co-write , including the songs `` Do n't Forget Where You Belong '' , `` Why Do n't We Go There '' and `` Story of My Life '' for the album Midnight Memories ; `` Night Changes '' , `` Fool 's Gold '' and `` Change Your Ticket '' for the album Four ; and `` Wolves '' , `` A.M. '' , `` Temporary Fix '' and `` Never Enough '' for the band 's fifth album Made in the A.M. .
He and fellow member Paul McCartney formed a much-celebrated songwriting partnership .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
She later starred as Barbara Marx in The Night We Called It a Day  ( 2003 )  , and has appeared on the television series Nip/Tuck , Raising Hope , and Hawaii Five-0 .
Borrelia afzelii is a species of Borrelia a bacterium that can infect various species of vertebrates and invertebrates .
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr.  ( born December 28 , 1954 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
`` See You Again '' is the debut single by American recording artist Miley Cyrus .
George Tuska  ( April 26 , 1916 -- October 16 , 2009 )  , who early in his career used a variety of pen names including Carl Larson , was an American comic book and newspaper comic strip artist best known for his 1940s work on various Captain Marvel titles and the crime fiction series Crime Does Not Pay , for and his 1960s work illustrating Iron Man and other Marvel Comics characters .
The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe .
Damages is an American legal thriller television series created by the writing and production trio Daniel Zelman and brothers Glenn and Todd A. Kessler .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
It was released on May 19 , 2017 through Warner Bros. .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
The Homesman is a 2014 French-American historical period drama set in the 1850s Midwest , directed and co-produced by Tommy Lee Jones and co-written with Kieran Fitzgerald and Wesley Oliver , based on the 1988 novel of the same name by Glendon Swarthout .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
The series premiered on Showtime on May 11 , 2014 , the first in an eight-episode season .
Lust for Life  ( 1956 )  is a MGM  ( Metrocolor )  biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
From 2010 to 2013 , she starred in the Disney Channel sitcom Shake It Up as Rocky Blue .
LeBron Raymone James  (  [ ləˈbrɒn ]  born December 30 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Amazon Web Services  ( AWS )  describes both a technology and a company .
7 / 7 Plus :
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
Gaius Julius Caesar  (  [ ˈɡaː.i.ʊs ˈjuː.li.ʊs ˈkae̯.sar ]  ; 13 July 100 BC -- 15 March 44 BC )  , known as Julius Caesar , was a Roman politician , general , and notable author of Latin prose .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
Robert Nesta Marley , OM  ( 6 February 1945 -- 11 May 1981 )  was a Jamaican singer-songwriter , musician and guitarist who achieved international fame and acclaim , blending mostly reggae , ska and rocksteady in his compositions .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
He is a retainer to House Lannister .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
The Bible  ( from Koine Greek τὰ βιβλία , tà biblía , `` the books '' )  is a collection of sacred texts or scriptures that Jews and Christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration and a record of the relationship between God and humans .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
Michael `` Mike '' Sean McCary  ( born December 16 , 1971 )  is an American singer , best known as the former bass singer of the R&B group Boyz II Men .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets .
He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
The French Open , often referred to as Roland-Garros  (  [ ʁɔlɑ̃ ɡaʁɔs ]  )  , is a major tennis tournament held over two weeks between late May and early June at the Stade Roland-Garros in Paris , France .
Following the Cambodian coup of 1970 , the deposed king gave his support to his former enemies , the Khmer Rouge .
Alice is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Mia Farrow , Joe Mantegna and William Hurt .
Hotell is a 2013 Swedish drama film written and directed by Lisa Langseth .
Ryder System , Inc. , or Ryder , is an American-based provider of transportation and supply chain management products , and is especially known for its fleet of rental trucks .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
The film was released in the United States on May 26 , 1995 .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Commonly referred to locally as The Valleys  ( Y Cymoedd )  , they stretch from eastern Carmarthenshire in the west to western Monmouthshire in the east and from the Heads of the Valleys in the north to the edge of the lower-lying , pastoral country of the Vale of Glamorgan and the coastal plain around Swansea Bay , Bridgend , the capital Cardiff , and Newport .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
Sons of Anarchy is an American crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter , which aired from 2008 to 2014 .
She starred from 1977 to 1981 on the ABC series Eight is Enough , before going on to win the 1983 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role as Grizabella in the original Broadway production of Cats .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
It is the title track from her twenty-second album of the same name  ( 1998 )  , and was released as the lead single from the album on October 19 , 1998 by Warner Bros. .
His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape  ( 1989 )  won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
Lucas
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London .
He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer .
He primarily plays as a forward , but has also been deployed as a winger and serves as captain for Portugal .
Jones created Lemmings and Grand Theft Auto , which both spawned many successful sequels .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
According to Catholic teaching , Peter was ordained by Jesus in the `` Rock of My Church '' dialogue in Matthew .
Pence positioned himself as a principled ideologue and supporter of the Tea Party movement , noting he was `` a Christian , a conservative , and a Republican , in that order . ''
Brinkley has been married four times , most notably to musician Billy Joel , several of whose music videos she appeared in .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Serie A club Milan and the Japan national football team .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends , Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream , and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town , for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination .
Born in McComb , Mississippi , and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997 .
The following year , he further confounded musical expectations with the electronic-inflected album Low  ( 1977 )  , the first of three collaborations with Brian Eno that would come to be known as the `` Berlin Trilogy '' .
As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' .
Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Meghan Marguerite McCain  ( born October 23 , 1984 )  is an American columnist , author , Fox News host and contributor , and blogger .
Kaitlin Willow Olson  ( born August 18 , 1975 )  is an American actress and comedian .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
Graduating in 1948 , he moved his family to West Texas and entered the oil business , becoming a millionaire by the age of 40 .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation .
It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .
Caitlyn Marie Jenner  ( born October 28 , 1949 )  , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
The company was formed through several acquisitions , including acquisition of the New York Observer in 2007 .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
After the European discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
On August 16 , 1977 , he sustained a heart attack in the bathroom of his Graceland estate , and died as a result .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
`` Give Me Everything '' is a song written and performed by American rapper Pitbull , American R&B singer Ne-Yo , and Dutch DJ Afrojack , featuring additional vocals from American singer Nayer .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
She subsequently starred in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang  ( 2010 )  , Wo n't Back Down  ( 2012 )  and Frank  ( 2014 )  , for which she was nominated for a BIFA Award .
Nicknamed the `` City of Angels '' , Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate , ethnic diversity , and sprawling metropolis .
Iron Man 3  ( stylized onscreen as Iron Man Three )  is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
He has coached and worked with Shailene Woodley , Ashley Greene , Agnes Bruckner , Nick Robinson , Chace Crawford , Cory Monteith , Dania Ramirez , Sasha Alexander , Chris Owen , Stevie Lynn Jones , Dree Hemingway , Michael Lomenda , JC Chasez , China Chow , Brock Kelly , Judith Hill , Samantha Mumba , Rocco DiSpirito , Olivia Holt , Ian Harding , Alexandra Daddario , Edy Ganem , Trevor Donovan , Daniel Cudmore , Charlie Bewley , Ashton Holmes , Larissa Oleynik , Lorenza Izzo , Carmen Electra , Allison Miller , Jenna Dewan-Tatum , Lucy Fry , Josh Zuckerman , Sadie Calvano , Taryn Southern , Ryan Rottman , Chaz Bono , Jill Wagner , Joe Slaughter , Mark Hapka , Matt Dallas , Brad Rowe , and Quddus Phillippe .
The company was formed through several acquisitions , including acquisition of the New York Observer in 2007 .
Eric Arthur Blair  ( 25 June 1903 -- 21 January 1950 )  , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English novelist , essayist , journalist , and critic .
Melbourne has an extensive transport network .
Pregnancy , also known as gestation , is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
A member of the Democratic Party , he was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and was the fourth-longest-serving senator in United States history , having served there for almost 47 years .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
Styles will make his acting debut in the war film Dunkirk in July 2017 .
Her name and gender change became official on September 25 , 2015 .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
Use mdy dates | date = May 2016 -RCB-
Many players and analysts have called him the greatest male tennis player of all time .
Stranger Things is an American science fiction-horror web television series created , written , directed and co-executive produced by the Duffer Brothers , as well as co-executive-produced by Shawn Levy and Dan Cohen .
In Baum 's subsequent Oz books , it is the Nome King who is the principal villain ; the Wicked Witch of the West is rarely even referred to again after her death in the first book .
He released his debut album , Show and Prove , in 2006 , and signed to Warner Bros. .
Turn : Washington 's Spies  ( formerly known as Turn and stylized as TURN : Washington 's Spies and TURИ : Washington 's Spies )  is a period drama based on Alexander Rose 's book Washington 's Spies : The Story of America 's First Spy Ring  ( 2007 )  , a history of the Culper Ring .
She has released three solo Public Broadcasting Service  ( PBS )  concert specials .
My Own Private Idaho had its premiere at the 48th Venice International Film Festival , and received largely positive reviews from critics including Roger Ebert and those of The New York Times and Entertainment Weekly .
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup .
After he attended the Sundance Institute , Anderson had a deal with Rysher Entertainment to direct his first feature film , a neo-noir crime thriller titled Hard Eight , in 1996 .
It is the sequel to the 1985 film Back to the Future and the second installment in the Back to the Future trilogy .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes produced the film for New Line Cinema , as an intention to reboot the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise , with the cast of Jackie Earle Haley , Kyle Gallner , Rooney Mara , Katie Cassidy , Thomas Dekker and Kellan Lutz .
Girl with a Pearl Earring is a 2003 drama film directed by Peter Webber .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations , the organization was established on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict .
He is known for his stage role as Hamlet ; his roles in the television series Nathan Barley , Criminal Justice , The Hour and London Spy ; and film roles including Perfume : The Story of a Murderer  ( 2006 )  , I 'm Not There  ( 2007 )  , Bright Star  ( 2009 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Cloud Atlas  ( 2012 )  , The Lobster  ( 2015 )  , Suffragette  ( 2015 )  and The Danish Girl  ( 2015 )  .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird , produced by Pixar Animation Studios , and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
He is the co-founder of the production company Picture Shuru Productions , and is a co-owner of the Indian Super League football team Mumbai City FC .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
The New York Times has won 122 Pulitzer Prizes , more than any other newspaper .
Asset management , broadly defined , refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group .
Except in military defence and foreign affairs , Hong Kong maintains its independent executive , legislative and judiciary powers .
Lung cancer , also known as lung carcinoma , is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
The Queen has since been voiced by Eleanor Audley , June Foray , Janet Waldo , Eda Reiss Merin , Louise Chamis and Susanne Blakeslee , and was portrayed live by Anne Francine  ( musical )  , Jane Curtin  ( 50th anniversary TV special )  , and Olivia Wilde  ( Disney Dream Portraits )  , Kathy Najimy  ( Descendants )  , and in an alternative version , by Lana Parrilla  ( Once Upon a Time )  .
His autobiography , Histoire de ma vie  ( Story of My Life )  , is regarded as one of the most authentic sources of the customs and norms of European social life during the 18th century .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
It is the fourth of five films in the original Planet of the Apes series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs .
Shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after defeating Senator Eugene McCarthy in the California and South Dakota presidential primaries , he was mortally wounded by Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old enraged Palestinian , and died the following day .
Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd AllāhFull name : Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim  ( ابو القاسم محمد ابن عبد الله ابن عبد المطلب ابن هاشم , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim )   ( محمد  [ muħammad ]  ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE )  is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims .
It had special sneak previews in the Philippines on August 16 and 17 , 2015 , as well as multiple pre-screenings throughout the United States before its official release on August 26 , 2015 by The Weinstein Company .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Sharif , who spoke Arabic , English , Greek , French , Spanish , Portuguese and Italian fluently , was often cast as a foreigner of some sort .
Diane Ruggiero-Wright  [ ˈruːʒɪəroʊ ]  is an American television writer and producer .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
She is known for her work in television comedy , including Saturday Night Live  ( 1982 -- 85 )  , Seinfeld  ( 1989 -- 98 )  , The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , and Veep  ( 2012 -- present )  .
In 2016 , Jones starred in the adventure-thriller Inferno , the fantasy drama A Monster Calls and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn , who produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman .
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
Minaj 's first and second studio albums , Pink Friday  ( 2010 )  and Pink Friday : Roman Reloaded  ( 2012 )  , both peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the successful singles `` Super Bass '' and `` Starships '' , respectively .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Tobias Vincent `` Tobey '' Maguire  ( born June 27 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
He graduated fourth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1918 and was commissioned into the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Thomas William Hiddleston  ( born 9 February 1981 )  is an English actor , producer and musical performer .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Haim Saban  (  [ səˈbɑːn ]  חיים סבן born October 15 , 1944 )  is an Israeli-American media proprietor , investor , philanthropist , musician , record , film & television producer .
The Mughal Empire or Mogul Empire , self-designated as Gurkani  ( گورکانیان , Gūrkāniyān , meaning `` son-in-law '' )  , was an empire in the Indian subcontinent , established and ruled by a Muslim Turkic dynasty of Chagatai origin from Central Asia .
In general terms , Asia is bounded on the east by the Pacific Ocean , on the south by the Indian Ocean and on the north by the Arctic Ocean .
He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama , and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film The Prince of Tides .
Formerly a quartet including bass Michael McCary , they are currently a trio composed of baritone Nathan Morris alongside tenors Wanya Morris and Shawn Stockman .
His breakout role came in 1985 , joining the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd , for which he earned five Emmy Award nominations  ( one win )  .
In early 1999 , after releasing several albums in Spanish , Martin performed `` The Cup of Life '' at the 41st Grammy Awards show , which became a catalyst in bringing Latin pop to the forefront of the U.S. music scene .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
It was released as the album 's second single on November 16 , 2002 .
It tells the story of a high-priced prostitute who assists a detective in solving a missing person case .
Leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
The album features guest appearances from Chris Brown and Young Thug , while the production was handled by Zaytoven , Honorable C.N.O.T.E. and Murda Beatz , among others .
Throughout his tenure in the WWF/WWE , Angle was a six-time world champion  ( four reigns as WWF/WWE Champion , one as WCW Champion , and one as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , a one-time United States Champion , one-time Intercontinental Champion , one-time European Champion , one-time Hardcore Champion , and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written , produced and directed by Cameron Crowe , and stars Tom Cruise , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Helen Adams Keller  ( June 27 , 1880 -- June 1 , 1968 )  was an American author , political activist , and lecturer .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
The lyrics are by DuBose Heyward , the author of the novel Porgy on which the opera was based , although the song is also co-credited to Ira Gershwin by ASCAP .
The Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor is a fifth-generation , single-seat , twin-engine , all-weather stealth tactical fighter aircraft developed for the United States Air Force  ( USAF )  .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
Price has had many highly publicised relationships and has been married three times , to singer Peter Andre  ( 2005 -- 2009 )  , to professional fighter Alex Reid  ( 2010 -- 2011 )  and to builder and part-time stripper Kieran Hayler  ( 2013 -- )  .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Glenn Close  ( born March 19 , 1947 )  is an American actress , singer and film producer .
Anni-Frid Synni , Princess Reuss of Plauen  ( Anni-Frid Synni , Prinzessin Reuss von Plauen born Anni-Frid Synni Lyngstad ,  [ ² ɑnːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑ ]  ;  [ ² anːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑːd ]  , 15 November 1945 )  , widely known as Frida Lyngstad or by just the mononym Frida  (  [ ² friːdɑ ]  ;  [ ² friːda ]  )  , is a Swedish pop and jazz singer .
It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10 , 2012 , with international broadcasting taking place in late 2012 .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
During her short solo career , Lopes scored two US top-ten singles with `` Not Tonight '' and `` U Know What 's Up '' , as well as one UK number-one single with `` Never Be the Same Again '' .
Asset management , broadly defined , refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
Grace Patricia Kelly  ( November 12 , 1929September 14 , 1982 )  was an American actress who became Princess of Monaco after marrying Prince Rainier III , in April 1956 .
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park , New York .
Parisse has also starred as Julia Snyder on the soap opera As the World Turns , for which she was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award , and as FBI specialist Debra Parker on the thriller series The Following .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
One of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century , Martin was nicknamed the `` King of Cool '' for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Leslie Marian Uggams  ( born May 25 , 1943 )  is an American actress and singer .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
Robert Frederick Chelsea `` Bobby '' Moore OBE  ( 12 April 1941 -- 24 February 1993 )  was an English professional footballer .
The Lakers hold the record for NBA 's longest winning streak , 33 straight games , set during the 1971 -- 72 season .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system .
The album , preceded by the single `` Young & Gettin ' It '' , debuted at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 .
English  [ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ ]  is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the global lingua franca .
The show was created by Matthew Carnahan and produced by Coquette Productions and ABC Studios .
It originally aired for eight seasons on ABC , from October 3 , 2004 to May 13 , 2012 .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
He is a highly prolific actor , having appeared in over 100 films , including Die Hard with a Vengeance  ( 1995 )  , Unbreakable  ( 2000 )  , Shaft  ( 2000 )  , The 51st State  ( 2001 )  , Black Snake Moan  ( 2006 )  , Snakes on a Plane  ( 2006 )  , and the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 1999 -- 2005 )  , as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Winnipeg  (  [ ˈwɪnɪpɛɡ ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada .
Another population , who became the Arbëreshë settled in southern Italy and form the oldest continuous Albanian diaspora producing influential and many prominent figures .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury ,  ( born 16 October 1925 )  is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
The focal point of the show follows talented college dropout Mike Ross  ( Patrick J. Adams )  , who initially works as a law associate for Harvey Specter  ( Gabriel Macht )  , despite never actually attending law school .
King often represented the United States in the Federation Cup and the Wightman Cup .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
She is an Academy Award and BAFTA Award winner who is also known for her social and political activism for a variety of causes .
He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election .
It stars Saranya Ponvannan , in her 100th film , Vijay Sethupathi and Vasundhra in the lead roles .
Anthony Charles Lynton Blair  ( born 6 May 1953 )  is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Mark Alan Ruffalo  (  [ ˈrʌfəloʊ ]  , born November 22 , 1967 )  is an American actor , humanitarian , social activist and film producer .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
Ballet Shoes : a story of three children on the stage is a children 's novel by Noel Streatfeild , published by Dent in 1936 .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and produced by M. S. Reddy .
The film also premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival in September .
Dana Elaine Owens  ( born March 18 , 1970 )  , known professionally by her stage name Queen Latifah , is an American rapper , songwriter , singer , actress , model , television producer , record producer , and talk show host .
The album was also successful outside of Swift 's native country , especially in Canada , Australia , and the United Kingdom .
Angelina Jolie Pitt  (  [ dʒoʊˈliː ]  ; née Voight ; born June 4 , 1975 )  is an American actress , filmmaker , philanthropist and humanitarian .
In 1990 , she rose to fame with the release of `` Vision of Love '' from her eponymous debut album .
Goldblum starred in films including Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , The Big Chill  ( 1983 )  and Into the Night  ( 1985 )  before coming to the attention of wider audiences in David Cronenberg 's The Fly  ( 1986 )  which earned him a Saturn Award for Best Actor .
The series premiered on The CW on September 10 , 2009 and concluded on March 10 , 2017 , airing 171 episodes over eight seasons .
The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves , and to convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly under extraordinary circumstances .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
In addition to her many films , Parker enjoyed great popularity for her lead role on Showtime 's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin , for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006 .
Today , several nations officially identify themselves as Christian states and/or have state churches , including Costa Rica , Denmark , England , Greece , Iceland , Liechtenstein , Monaco , Tonga , Tuvalu , Vatican City , and Zambia .
Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of China .
The film also stars Amy Adams , Rooney Mara , and Olivia Wilde .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
The University of Oxford  ( informally Oxford University or simply Oxford )  is a collegiate research university located in Oxford , England .
Melissa Ann McCarthy  ( born August 26 , 1970 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer , fashion designer and producer .
Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba ,  (  [ ˈɪdrᵻs ˈɛlbə ]  born 6 September 1972 )  is an English actor , musician , and DJ .
Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway .
The film also stars Brian Cox as Ward Abbott , Joan Allen as Pamela Landy and Julia Stiles as Nicky Parsons .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
Red Hot Chili Peppers , also sometimes shortened to The Chili Peppers or abbreviated as RHCP , are an American alternative rock/funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
This led to roles in films such as The English Patient , Bridget Jones 's Diary  ( for which Firth was nominated for a BAFTA )  , Shakespeare in Love , and Love Actually .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
`` Feels So Good '' is a song by British recording artist Melanie B .
Gillian Leigh Anderson , OBE  ( born August 9 , 1968 )  , is an American-British film , television and theatre actress , activist and writer .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines , Iowa .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
The film is written by Larry Gross and Roberta Hanley and is adapted from the best-selling novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
STS-96 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station  ( ISS )  flown by Space Shuttle Discovery , and the first shuttle flight to dock with the International Space Station .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga .
Boromir is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , the youngest of his siblings to be born , though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus 's stomach .
He was previously best known for his time with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling  ( TNA )  and Ring of Honor  ( ROH )  .
Abu ` l-Fath Jalal-ud-din Muhammad  ( 15 October 1542 -- 27 October 1605 )  , popularly known as Akbar I  (  [ əkbər ]  , literally `` the great '' )  and later Akbar the Great , was the third Mughal emperor , who reigned from 1556 to 1605 .
A major influence in The Winter Soldier was conspiracy fiction from the 1970s such as Three Days of the Condor , with the script also drawing from the Winter Soldier story arc written by Ed Brubaker .
James Earl Carter Jr.  ( born October 1 , 1924 )  is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
Her legacy survives in numerous works of art and many dramatizations of incidents from her life in literature and other media , such as William Shakespeare 's tragedy Antony and Cleopatra , George Frideric Handel 's opera Giulio Cesare , George Bernard Shaw 's play Caesar and Cleopatra , Jules Massenet 's opera Cléopâtre , and the films Cleopatra  ( 1934 )  and Cleopatra  ( 1963 )  .
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets  ( Valérian et la Cité des mille planètes )  is an upcoming English-language French science fiction action-adventure film co-produced , written and directed by Luc Besson .
It is a social science that uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about social order , disorder , and change .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Blake Edwards  ( born William Blake Crump ; July 26 , 1922 -- December 15 , 2010 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Greenwich  (  [ ˈɡrɛnɪtʃ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪdʒ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪtʃ ]  or  [ ˈɡrɛnɪdʒ ]  )  is an early-established district of south east London , England , centred 5.5 miles  ( 8.9 km )  east south-east of Charing Cross .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
John Joseph `` Jack '' Nicholson  ( born April 22 , 1937 )  is an American actor and filmmaker , who has performed for over 60 years .
They have been found everywhere from mountaintops to the deep sea , mud volcanoes , and from tropical rain forests to the Antarctic .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson , and later worked with artists including Pink , Missy Elliott , and Christina Aguilera .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
His roles as a voice actor include Rex in Babe , Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two , and Megatron in the Transformers film series .
Cheyenne David Jackson  ( born July 12 , 1975 )  is an American actor and singer-songwriter .
For his roles in Places in the Heart and In the Line of Fire , he received Academy Award nominations .
Albany  (  [ ˈɔːlbəni ]  )  is the capital of the U.S. state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland  ( born 21 December 1966 )  is a British born Canadian actor , producer , director , and singer-songwriter .
Heidi Klum  (  [ ˈhaɪ̯di ˈklʊm ]  ; born June 1 , 1973 )  is a German-American supermodel , television personality , businesswoman , fashion designer , singer , television producer , author , and actress .
Michael Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone  (  [ stəˈloʊn ]   [ stalˈloːne ]  ; born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and screenwriter .
Lee Harvey Oswald  ( October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 )  was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 .
It is connected to the X-Men film series , the first television series to be so , and is produced by FX Productions in association with Marvel Television .
It was created by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan , based on their novel trilogy of the same name .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
Alien : Covenant is a 2017 American science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper , with a story by Michael Green and Jack Paglen .
The phalanx  ( φάλαγξ plural phalanxes or phalanges , φάλαγγες , phalanges )  was a rectangular mass military formation , usually composed entirely of heavy infantry armed ]  s , pikes , sarissas , or similar weapons .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
Bulgaria  (  [ bʌlˈɡɛəriə ,   bʊl - ]  България , tr . ) 
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
They honor the best in mystery fiction , non-fiction , television , film , and theater published or produced in the previous year .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 .
More than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
One of the major stars of Hollywood 's Golden Age , Tracy was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two , sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
Herbert Marshall McLuhan ,  ( July 21 , 1911 -- December 31 , 1980 )  was a Canadian professor , philosopher , and public intellectual .
The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north , Maharashtra to the south , Madhya Pradesh to the east , and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
He is often regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .
These theatres are smaller than Broadway theatres , but generally larger than Off-Off-Broadway theatres , which seat less than 100 .
Its chemical formula is H2O , meaning that its molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms , that are connected by covalent bonds .
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight .
Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
`` Go Robot '' was released as the album 's second single on September 8 , 2016 , peaking at number 12 on the Alternative Songs Chart , while `` Sick Love '' was released as the third single on December 4 , 2016 however it failed to chart .
Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
Along with the separate and much longer Inner German border  ( IGB )  , which demarcated the border between East and West Germany , it came to symbolize a physical marker of the `` Iron Curtain '' that separated Western Europe and the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War .
The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films , beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone  ( 2001 )  and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2  ( 2011 )  .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
Bryant was awarded the regular season 's Most Valuable Player Award  ( MVP )  in 2008 .
In January 20 , 1968 , Tate married Roman Polanski , her director and co-star in 1967 's The Fearless Vampire Killers .
Joseph Michael Manganiello  (  [ ˌmæŋɡəˈnɛloʊ ]  ;  [ maŋɡaˈnjɛllo ]  ; born December 28 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , producer , author and philanthropist .
Iran is a major regional and middle power , and its large reserves of fossil fuels -- which include the largest natural gas supply in the world and the fourth-largest proven oil reserves -- exert considerable influence in international energy security and the world economy .
No Escape is a 2015 American action film directed by John Erick Dowdle , who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother , Drew Dowdle .
It nevertheless earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director and came to achieve cult status .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Rod Serling was loosely based on the 1963 French novel La Planète des Singes by Pierre Boulle .
It also had great influence in England and France .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
While First Lady of the United States , Barbara Bush worked to advance the cause of universal literacy , and founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy .
It attracted literary men such as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johann Gottfried Herder and the reigning dukes of Gotha and Weimar .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
It premiered on January 2 , 2007 and starred Courteney Cox as Lucy Spiller , the editor-in-chief of the first-of-its-kind `` glossy tabloid '' magazine DirtNow , which was previously two separate publications : dirt  ( a tabloid )  and Now  ( a glossy magazine with a more respectable reputation )  .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
At age 16 , Knowles released her first studio album Solo Star  ( 2002 )  .
 ( 1997 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , Wreck-It Ralph  ( 2012 )  , and A Million Ways to Die in the West  ( 2014 )  .
Dany Rigoulot is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
It is an amine synthesized by removing a carboxyl group from a molecule of its precursor chemical L-DOPA , which is synthesized in the brain and kidneys .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
Injustice 2 is a fighting video game developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
The series is told primarily from Bella 's point of view , with the epilogue of Eclipse and Part II of Breaking Dawn being told from the viewpoint of character Jacob Black , a werewolf .
Sharon Yvonne Stone  ( born March 10 , 1958 )  is an American actress , film producer , and former fashion model .
Inception is a 2010 science fiction film written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan , and co-produced by Emma Thomas .
She subsequently starred in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang  ( 2010 )  , Wo n't Back Down  ( 2012 )  and Frank  ( 2014 )  , for which she was nominated for a BIFA Award .
Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte  (  [ auˈɣusto pinoˈ  ( t )  ʃe ]  or  [ - ˈ  ( t )  ʃet ]  25 November 1915 -- 10 December 2006 )  was a Chilean general , politician and the military ruler of Chile between 1973 and 1990 ; he remained the Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army until 1998 .
Hitman is a 2007 French-American-British action-thriller film directed by Xavier Gens and based on the video game series of the same name .
Cambodia  (  [ kæmˈboʊdiə ]  កម ព ជ , or Kampuchea  [ kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia  ( ព រ រ ជ ណ ចក រកម ព ជ , Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa ,  [ ˈprĕəh riəciənaːˈcɑk kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia .
She is also the recipient of ten Grammy Awards , five Guinness World Records , one Emmy Award , 21 Billboard Music Awards , 11 Country Music Association Awards , eight Academy of Country Music Awards , and one Brit Award .
The film was originally shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest and later at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
After DJ Yella and MC Ren joined the group , N.W.A released their debut single Panic Zone .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Taylor Swift is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift , released on October 24 , 2006 , by Big Machine Records .
He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss  ( 1971 )  and Fist of Fury  ( 1972 )  ; Golden Harvest 's Way of the Dragon  ( 1972 )  , directed and written by Lee ; Golden Harvest and Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon  ( 1973 )  and The Game of Death  ( 1978 )  , both directed by Robert Clouse .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Kung Fu Panda 3 is a 2016 Chinese-American 3D computer-animated action-comedy martial arts film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Trolls is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical romantic comedy adventure film based on the Troll dolls created by Thomas Dam .
Produced by Afrojack , it was released on March 21 , 2011 , as the second single from Pitbull 's sixth studio album , Planet Pit  ( 2011 )  .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Bryan Lee Cranston  ( born March 7 , 1956 )  is an American actor , voice actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
Elizabeth 's many historic visits and meetings include a state visit to the Republic of Ireland and visits to or from five popes .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Her portrayal of Sue Sylvester in Glee has won numerous awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award , Golden Globe Award , Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Comedy , Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Series , Miniseries , or Television Film , and the People 's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress .
Bane is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
Through the worldwide influence of the British Empire , modern English spread around the world from the 17th to mid-20th centuries .
Stanley Kubrick  (  [ ˈkuːbrɪk ]  July 26 , 1928 -- March 7 , 1999 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , producer , cinematographer , editor , and photographer .
Views is the fourth studio album by Canadian rapper Drake .
One of his most famous achievements was at the outbreak of the Second Punic War , when he marched an army which included war elephants from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into Italy .
Observer Media is an American print and online media company .
Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck , and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in the lead roles .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
The films feature an ensemble cast that also includes James Nesbitt , Ken Stott , Evangeline Lilly , Lee Pace and Luke Evans , with several actors reprising their roles from The Lord of the Rings , including Cate Blanchett , Orlando Bloom , Ian Holm , Christopher Lee , Hugo Weaving , Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis .
The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice .
Michael McCullers  ( born 1971 )  is an American comedy film screenwriter .
Ashley Judd  ( born Ashley Tyler Ciminella ; April 19 , 1968 )  is an American actress and political activist .
The film is based on the French science fiction comics series Valérian and Laureline , written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Jean-Claude Mézières .
Andrew Patrick Wood  ( January 8 , 1966 -- March 19 , 1990 )  was an American musician best known as the lead singer for alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone .
He is the founder of Apatow Productions , through which he produced and developed the television series Freaks and Geeks , Undeclared , Girls , Love , Crashing and directed the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin  ( 2005 )  , Knocked Up  ( 2007 )  , Funny People  ( 2009 )  , This Is 40  ( 2012 )  , and Trainwreck  ( 2015 )  .
After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
Short Term 12 is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Destin Daniel Cretton .
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
Lahore is also home to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Lahore Fort and Shalimar Gardens .
Amazon Web Services  ( AWS )  describes both a technology and a company .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
It won a Retrospective Hugo Award in 1996 , and is included in the Great Books of the Western World selection .
Collin studied aesthetics and the philosophy of film at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , He edited the university 's student newspaper , The Saint .
The World According to Paris is an American reality television series on Oxygen that premiered on June 1 , 2011 .
Eric Singer  ( born Eric Doyle Mensinger ; May 12 , 1958 )  is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer , best known as a member of Kiss , portraying The Catman originally played by Peter Criss .
She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark in the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones in 2011 , for which she won the EWwy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama , the Portal Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Television and Best Young Actor , and the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor .
The company manufactures heavy-duty engines and chassis components for the on-highway and vocational commercial truck markets .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
Under Hitler 's leadership and racially motivated ideology , the Nazi regime was responsible for the genocide of at least 5.5 million Jews and millions of other victims whom he and his followers deemed Untermenschen  ( `` sub-humans '' )  and socially undesirable .
George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth Jr.  ( February 6 , 1895 -- August 16 , 1948 )  was an American professional baseball player whose career in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  spanned 22 seasons , from 1914 through 1935 .
Allure is an American women 's beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Southern California , often abbreviated as SoCal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises California 's 10 southernmost counties .
He also hosted the ESPY Awards , Saturday Night Live , and appeared in the 2015 film Trainwreck .
Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public school , Boston Latin School  ( 1635 )  , first subway system , the Tremont Street Subway  ( 1897 )  , and first public park , Boston Common  ( 1634 )  .
A remake of the 1933 film of the same name , the film stars Naomi Watts , Jack Black , Adrien Brody , and , through motion capture , Andy Serkis as the title character .
Born in Norway to a Norwegian mother and a German father , she grew up in Sweden and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA , which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide , making them one of the best-selling music artists in history .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
Portia Lee James DeGeneres  ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; January 31 , 1973 )  , also known professionally as Portia de Rossi  (  [ ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi ]  )  , is an Australian and American actress , model , and philanthropist .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
Bordering China in the north and India in the south , east , and west , it is the largest sovereign Himalayan state .
In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
Born in Jamaica , at age 13 she moved with her siblings to their parents ' home in Syracuse , New York .
Magna Carta Libertatum  ( Medieval Latin for `` the Great Charter of the Liberties '' )  , commonly called Magna Carta  ( also Magna Charta ; ''  ( the )  Great Charter '' )  , is a charter agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede , near Windsor , on 15 June 1215 .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
Blink-182  ( often stylized as blink-182 ; pronounced `` blink one eighty two '' )  is an American rock band formed in Poway , California in 1992 .
Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero black comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita , Jr. .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The film includes cameos by George Segal , David Cronenberg , author Maynard , and screenwriter Henry .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Glenn Close  ( born March 19 , 1947 )  is an American actress , singer and film producer .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
During the accident , blast effects caused 2 deaths within the facility and later 29 firemen and employees died in the days-to-months afterward from acute radiation syndrome , with the potential for long-term cancers still being investigated .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
Roosevelt was born a sickly child with debilitating asthma , but he successfully overcame his physical health problems by embracing a strenuous lifestyle .
Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing  ( 1969 )  , Myra Breckinridge  ( 1970 )  , Logan 's Run  ( 1976 )  , Sunburn  ( 1979 )  , Saturn 3  ( 1980 )  , The Cannonball Run  ( 1981 )  , Extremities  ( 1986 )  , The Apostle  ( 1997 )  , and Dr. T & the Women  ( 2000 )  .
Pregnancy , also known as gestation , is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of governance .
Prior to the Presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and the state 's 42nd Governor from 1983 to 1992 .
Alec Sokolow is an American film writer who has worked on such projects as the movies Cheaper by the Dozen , Toy Story , Money Talks , and Garfield : The Movie .
Charles , Prince of Wales  ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 )  is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
He has joined The Fast and the Furious franchise since 2015 , having starred in Furious 7 and The Fate of the Furious .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
She is also known for originating the role of Ouisa Kittredge in the stage and film versions of Six Degrees of Separation , for which she was nominated for a Tony Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
Soundgarden was one of the seminal bands in the creation of grunge , a style of alternative rock that developed in Seattle , and was one of a number of grunge bands signed to the record label Sub Pop .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Impeachment is the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government .
fi
Notable films include The Trap  ( 1966 )  , Oliver !
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
Detroit Diesel Corporation  ( DDC )  is an American diesel engine manufacturer headquartered in Detroit , Michigan , United States and a subsidiary of Daimler Trucks North America , itself a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG .
The second season of the South Korean reality television competition show K-pop Star premiered on SBS on November 18 , 2012 , airing Sunday evenings at 4:55 pm KST as part of the Good Sunday lineup .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Referred to as the `` Shahenshah of Bollywood '' , `` Star of the Millennium '' or `` Big B '' ,
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
A Perfect Circle is an American rock supergroup formed in 1999 by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan .
The result was a story about a boy who follows clues from his grandfather 's old photographs which lead him on an adventure that takes him to a large abandoned orphanage on Cairnholm , a Welsh island .
Following a successful modeling career in New York during the 1970s , Basinger moved to Los Angeles where she began her acting career on television in 1976 .
Richard III is a historical play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written in approximately 1592 .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band , on local radio shows with her siblings , and at rodeos .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
It is situated on the plain of the river Guadalquivir .
Muslims believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed many times before through prophets including Adam , Abraham , Moses , and Jesus .
In 2014 , he starred in the title role in Hedwig and the Angry Inch on Broadway , for which he won the 2014 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
After some minor television roles , she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing  ( 1993 )  while still a student at the University of Oxford .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
James Joseph Parsons  ( born March 24 , 1973 )  is an American actor .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Dona Maria I  ( English : Mary I ; 17 December 1734 -- 20 March 1816 )  was Queen of Portugal , Brazil , and the Algarves .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
Neighbors  ( released in some countries as Bad Neighbours )  is a 2014 American comedy film directed by Nicholas Stoller and written by Andrew Cohen and Brendan O'Brien .
Tardigrades  (  [ ˈtɑrdᵻˌgreɪd ]  also known as water bears , space bears , or moss piglets )  are water-dwelling , eight-legged , segmented micro-animals .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
The film stars Emily Blunt , Rebecca Ferguson , Haley Bennett , Justin Theroux , Luke Evans , Allison Janney , Édgar Ramírez , and Lisa Kudrow , and follows an alcoholic divorcée who becomes involved in a missing persons investigation .
She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panthéon in Paris .
Holly Hunter  ( born March 20 , 1958 )  is an American actress and producer .
Zinedine Yazid Zidane  (  [ zinedin zidan ]  , born 23 June 1972 )  , nicknamed `` Zizou '' , is a retired French footballer and current manager of Real Madrid .
Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film co-written , produced , and directed by Ben Stiller .
Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 psychological drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Jonathan Tucker , Melissa Leo , David Thewlis and Erika Christensen , .
Tyler Gregory Okonma  ( born March 6 , 1991 )  , better known by his stage name Tyler , The Creator , is an American rapper , record producer , and music video director .
Director Peter Weir cast him as one of the leads in the critically acclaimed World War I drama Gallipoli  ( 1981 )  , which earned Gibson a Best Actor Award from the Australian Film Institute .
Nicole Mary Kidman , AC  ( born June 20 , 1967 )  is an Australian actress and film producer .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
Measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
A spin-off of the format of The Great British Bake Off , the programme is presented by Claudia Winkleman .
The film stars Angelina Jolie as Gia and Faye Dunaway as Wilhelmina Cooper , with Mercedes Ruehl and Elizabeth Mitchell .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
Henson went on to star in the ensemble film Think Like a Man  ( 2012 )  and its 2014 sequel .
Slovenia  (  [ sloʊˈviːniə ,   slə - ,   - njə ]  ; Slovenija  [ slɔˈʋéːnija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Slovenia  ( Slovene : , abbr. : RS )  , is a nation state in southern Central Europe , located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes .
She is known for starring as Kimberly Hart , the Pink Ranger , in the 2017 Power Rangers movie and co-starring as Maddy Shannon in the science-fiction drama series Terra Nova .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
On May 15 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series for a 13-episode third season , which premiered with back-to-back episodes on May 31 , 2017 .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Spain  ( España  [ esˈpaɲa ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Spain  (  [ Reino de España , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe , with two large archipelagoes , the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast , two cities Ceuta and Melilla in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
In 1993 , the Guinness Book of World Records declared Ross the most successful female music artist in history , due to her success in the United States and United Kingdom for having more hits than any female artist in the charts , with a career total of 70 hit singles with her work with the Supremes and as a solo artist .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
Drax the Destroyer  ( Arthur Douglas )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
As a former IAS officer and he served as Secretary to the President of India and as High Commissioner to South Africa and Sri Lanka , among other administrative and diplomatic posts .
The fifth installment in the Terminator franchise , it serves as a soft reboot to the film series that features the main characters from the first two films , portrayed by a new cast with the exception of Arnold Schwarzenegger , who reprises his role as the eponymous character .
Victor Marie Hugo  (  [ viktɔʁ maʁi yɡo ]  ; 26 February 1802 -- 22 May 1885 )  was a French poet , novelist , and dramatist of the Romantic movement .
Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision .
Lemon Sky is a play by Lanford Wilson which ran Off-Broadway in 1970 .
The Clementine Chapel , also known as La Clementina , is a particular Roman Catholic chapel located within the underground necropolitan grottoes of Saint Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City .
The Northeast megalopolis  ( also Boston -- Washington Corridor or Bos-Wash Corridor )  is the most heavily urbanized region of the United States , running primarily northeast to southwest from the northern suburbs of Boston , Massachusetts , to the southern suburbs of Washington , D.C. , in Northern Virginia .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004 .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
He made his directorial debut with the 2008 film The Escapist , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival .
He is best known for his roles in television dramas The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince  ( 2007 )  and Guardian : The Lonely and Great God  ( 2016-2017 )  , and the films Silenced  ( 2011 )  , The Age of Shadows  ( 2016 )  , and Train to Busan  ( 2016 )  .
James Bryant Conant  ( March 26 , 1893 -- February 11 , 1978 )  was an American chemist , a transformative President of Harvard University , and the first U.S. Ambassador to West Germany .
He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers , especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes .
The genre is considered a form of speculative fiction alongside science fiction films and horror films , although the genres do overlap .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties , including ancient Numidians , Phoenicians , Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Byzantines , Umayyads , Abbasids , Idrisid , Aghlabid , Rustamid , Fatimids , Zirid , Hammadids , Almoravids , Almohads , Spaniards , Ottomans and the French colonial empire .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , that will play in the Premier League , the top tier of English football , after winning the Championship title in 2017 .
AWS ' version of virtual computers have most of the attributes of a real computer including hardware  ( CPU  ( s )  & GPU  ( s )  for processing , local/RAM memory , hard-disk/SSD storage )  ; a choice of operating systems ; networking ; and pre-loaded application software such as web servers , databases , CRM ... nearly anything .
The award has never been presented to a member of the following four teams : Arizona Diamondbacks , Miami Marlins , New York Mets , and Tampa Bay Rays .
His work in the duo has produced six studio albums .
Naproxen  ( brand names : Aleve , Naprosyn , and many others )  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug  ( NSAID )  of the propionic acid class  ( the same class as ibuprofen )  that relieves pain , fever , swelling , and stiffness .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013 for Record of the Year .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Kangana Ranaut  (  [ kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ]  ; born 23 March 1986 )  is an Indian film actress .
The Olympic Games are held every four years , with the Summer and Winter Games alternating by occurring every four years but two years apart .
Edge of Tomorrow  ( alternatively known by its tagline Live .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
Dustin Lee Hoffman  ( born August 8 , 1937 )  is an American actor and a director , with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1960 .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Although largely seen as a B-list star during this period , her appearance in the film The Manchurian Candidate  ( 1962 )  received widespread acclaim and is cited as being one of her finest performances .
It stars Saranya Ponvannan , in her 100th film , Vijay Sethupathi and Vasundhra in the lead roles .
The film stars Clark Gable and Jean Harlow in their sixth and final film collaboration , and features Lionel Barrymore , Frank Morgan , Walter Pidgeon , Hattie McDaniel , and Margaret Hamilton .
The Mughal emperors were Central Asian Turco-Mongols belonging to the Timurid dynasty , who claimed direct descent from both Genghis Khan  ( founder of the Mongol Empire , through his son Chagatai Khan )  and Timur  ( Turco-Mongol conqueror who founded the Timurid Empire )  .
Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s , Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
Hungarians , also known as Magyars  ( magyarok )  , are a nation and ethnic group who speak Hungarian and are primarily associated with Hungary .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
The third series has become the UK 's most watched drama series since 2001 while interest in the fourth series appeared to slip by approximately twenty percent .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.  ( born September 27 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Lil Wayne , is an American hip hop recording artist .
Stephen William Hawking ,  ( born 8 January 1942 )  is an English theoretical physicist , cosmologist , author and Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge .
In 2015 , she headlined the action comedy film Spy , for which she received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical nomination .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
In 1692 , the town of Salem , Massachusetts and surrounding areas experienced one of the most infamous cases of mass hysteria in the history of the Western Hemisphere , the Salem witch trials .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
Originally a Jedi prophesied to bring balance to the Force , he falls to the dark side of the Force and serves the evil Galactic Empire at the right hand of his Sith master , Emperor Palpatine  ( also known as Darth Sidious )  .
The town lends its name to the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
The film was Winona Ryder 's screen debut .
An eight-time Olympic gold medalist , Bolt won the 100 m , 200 m and 4 × 100 m relay at three consecutive Olympic Games , although he subsequently lost one of the gold medals  ( as well as the world record set therein )  nine years after the fact due to teammate Nesta Carter 's disqualification for doping offences .
The tomb is the centrepiece of a 42 acre complex , which includes a mosque and a guest house , and is set in formal gardens bounded on three sides by a crenellated wall .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Nepal hosts the permanent secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation  ( SAARC )  , of which it is a founding member .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
Colin Andrew Firth ,  ( born 10 September 1960 )  is an English actor .
He is best known as the creator of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises , as well as the founder of Lucasfilm and Industrial Light & Magic .
Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean .
The dog was the first domesticated species and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors , sensory capabilities , and physical attributes .
A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
It is known for developing games for several acclaimed video game franchises including Assassin 's Creed , Far Cry , Just Dance , Prince of Persia , Rayman , and Tom Clancy 's .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 3D epic action adventure fantasy film that is a sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
It is located in the southwest of the island .
The role earned Alda the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2006 .
The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters .
It also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects .
The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show , So Random !
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
It is the third novel to feature Hercule Poirot as the lead detective .
She is known for human rights advocacy , especially education of women in her native Swat Valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , northwest Pakistan , where the local Taliban had at times banned girls from attending school .
Laura Helene Prepon  ( born March 7 , 1980 )  is an American actress , producer , and author .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Performed by Norah Jones during the film 's opening credits , the song was used as the film 's main theme song .
In 2009 , Blunt received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .
He is an operatically trained vocalist and is also a Cantopop and Mandopop star , having released a number of albums and sung many of the theme songs for the films in which he has starred .
Known for his idiosyncratic musical style , Ocean first embarked on a career as a ghostwriter , and in 2010 he became a member of hip hop collective Odd Future .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
The pilot episode was written by Jon Bokenkamp and directed by Joe Carnahan .
Lionel Andrés `` Leo '' Messi  (  [ ljoˈnel anˈdɾes ˈmesi ]  ; born 24 June 1987 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
Emily Jane Browning  ( born 7 December 1988 )  is an Australian actress and singer .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
He attended the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford , Surrey , as an undergraduate from the age of 18 in autumn 2009 .
Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks Pictures .
Sociology is the study of social behavior or society , including its origins , development , organization , networks , and institutions .
In addition to Washington , the film also stars Viola Davis , Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby , Mykelti Williamson and Saniyya Sidney .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
A drama school , stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university ; or a free-standing institution  ( such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School )  ; which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts , such as acting , design and technical theatre , arts administration , and related subjects .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
also romanized as Ramazan , Ramadhan , or Ramathan )  is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and is observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting  ( Sawm )  to commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad according to Islamic belief .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Starring James Stewart , John Dall and Farley Granger , this is the first of Hitchcock 's Technicolor films , and is notable for taking place in real time and being edited so as to appear as a single continuous shot through the use of long takes .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
He is best known for portraying Walter White on the AMC crime drama series Breaking Bad , Hal on the Fox comedy series Malcolm in the Middle , and Dr. Tim Whatley in five episodes of the NBC comedy series Seinfeld .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
He is well known for his portrayal of Andy Dufresne in the prison drama film The Shawshank Redemption  ( 1994 )  .
Zooey Claire Deschanel  (  [ ˈzoʊi ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl ]  born January 17 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Egypt is a member of the United Nations , Non-Aligned Movement , Arab League , African Union , and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman  ( born 6 September 1974 )  is a retired English professional tennis player .
Clark Gregg co-starred as her ex-husband Richard , with whom Christine maintains a close relationship despite their divorce , as well as Hamish Linklater as her brother Matthew and Wanda Sykes as her best friend Barb .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
The Blacklist is an American crime thriller television series that premiered on NBC on September 23 , 2013 .
The town is popular as a place of pilgrimage for being the resting place or  ( Samadhi )  of the 13th century Marathi Bhakti saint , Sant Dnyaneshwar
Buddhism  (  [ pronˈbʊdɪzəm ]  or  [ ˈbuːdɪzəm ]  )  is an Indian religion and dharma that encompasses a variety of traditions , beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to the Buddha .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The commonly used term African lion collectively denotes the several subspecies in Africa .
Zhou Enlai  ( ; 5 March 1898 -- 8 January 1976 )  was the first Premier of the People 's Republic of China , serving from October 1949 until his death in January 1976 .
The House of Lusignan  (  [ ˈluːzᵻnjɒn ]  )  was a royal house of French origin , which ruled much of Europe and the Levant , including the kingdoms of Jerusalem , Cyprus , and Armenia , from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages .
The White Sox won the 1906 World Series with a defense-oriented team dubbed `` the Hitless Wonders '' , and the 1917 World Series led by Eddie Cicotte , Eddie Collins , and Shoeless Joe Jackson .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Robert Renfroe Riley  ( born October 3 , 1944 )  is an American politician who was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 to 2011 .
In 2016 , Wade departed the Heat in free agency to play for the Chicago Bulls .
In 1920 she began lecturing at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , where she would spend the rest of her career , with the exception of short appointments at UCLA and the University of Chicago .
Set during the Cold War , the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan , who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers -- a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960 -- in exchange for Rudolf Abel , a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States , whom he represented at trial .
`` Pilot '' is the first episode of the television series Supernatural .
His style was influenced by gospel music , country music , and rhythm and blues acts , and he performed in Lubbock with his friends from high school .
The series is set primarily in the West Wing of the White House , where the Oval Office and offices of presidential senior staff are located , during the fictitious Democratic administration of Josiah Bartlet  ( played by Martin Sheen )  .
Denial premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 , 2016 and was released in the United States on September 30 , 2016 by Bleecker Street .
The law of value  ( German : Wertgesetz )  is a central concept in Karl Marx 's critique of political economy , first expounded in his polemic The Poverty of Philosophy  ( 1847 )  against Pierre-Joseph Proudhon , with reference to David Ricardo 's economics.See Marx , The Poverty of Philosophy , chapter 1 part 2 where Marx refers to Proudhon 's own `` law of value '' and chapter 3 , titled `` Application of the Law of the Proportionality of Value '' .
Other returning writers who have worked on this series and previous ones include Frank Cottrell-Boyce , Sarah Dollard , Jamie Mathieson , Peter Harness , Toby Whithouse and Mark Gatiss , as well as two new writers for the revived era of the programme , Mike Bartlett and Rona Munro , the latter of whom wrote Survival , the final serial of the original classic era .
A member of the Gyllenhaal family and the son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner , Gyllenhaal began acting as a child with a screen debut in City Slickers  ( 1991 )  , followed by roles in A Dangerous Woman  ( 1993 )  and Homegrown  ( 1998 )  .
It stars Corey Haim , Corey Feldman , Heather Graham , Carol Kane , Richard Masur , Michael Manasseri and Nina Siemaszko .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
After working odd jobs in the first months of the Depression , Hanna joined the Harman and Ising animation studio in 1930 .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
Several companies have developed various types of merchandising based on the series leading to a large media franchise that includes films , both animated and live-action , collectible trading card games , numerous action figures , along with several collections of soundtracks and a large number of video games .
DeSimone was a grandson and nephew of Los Angeles mob bosses Rosario DeSimone and Frank DeSimone , respectively .
Reuters transmits news in English , French , Arabic , Spanish , German , Italian , Portuguese , Russian , Japanese , Korean , Urdu , and Chinese .
Klute is a 1971 American neo-noir crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula , written by Andy and Dave Lewis , and starring Jane Fonda , Donald Sutherland , Charles Cioffi , and Roy Scheider .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
After appearing in television commercials , her first starring role in a feature film came with the teen comedy License to Drive  ( 1988 )  , followed by the critically acclaimed film Drugstore Cowboy  ( 1989 )  , which gained her initial industry notice .
It also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , a great power that dissolved in 1918 , following World War I. Budapest was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , the Hungarian Republic of Councils in 1919 , the Battle of Budapest in 1945 , and the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 .
Elvis & Nixon is a 2016 American comedy-drama film directed by Liza Johnson and written by Joey Sagal , Hanala Sagal , and Cary Elwes .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Kate Marie Nash  ( born 6 July 1987 )  is an English singer , songwriter , musician and actress .
30 Seconds to Mars is the debut studio album by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars .
Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products .
Death in Paradise is a British-French crime comedy-drama television series created by Robert Thorogood , starring Ben Miller  ( series 1 -- 3 )  , Kris Marshall  ( series 3 -- 6 )  & Ardal O'Hanlon  ( series 6 -- present )  .
The wendigo may appear as a monster with some characteristics of a human , or as a spirit who has possessed a human being and made them become monstrous .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
Varun Dhawan  ( born 24 April 1987 )  is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films .
He began his career in college as a joke writer , stand up comedian , and playwright and , while still in college , was a staff writer for Laverne & Shirley -- making him  ( at the time )  the youngest member of the Writers Guild of America .
Colin Andrew Firth ,  ( born 10 September 1960 )  is an English actor .
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film , the third installment in the Toy Story series , and the sequel to Toy Story 2  ( 1999 )  .
The Challenge  ( originally known as Road Rules : All Stars , followed by Real World/Road Rules Challenge )  is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network 's two reality shows , Real World and Road Rules .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , the character first appeared in Captain America Comics # 1  ( cover dated March 1941 )  from Timely Comics , a predecessor of Marvel Comics .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 2010 American slasher film directed by Samuel Bayer and written by Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer as a remake of Wes Craven 's 1984 film of the same name , which revolves around a group of teenagers who are being stalked in their dreams by an enigmatic man named Freddy Krueger .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .
The series focused on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from May 17 , 1976 , to December 31 , 1979 .
John Devon Roland Pertwee  ( 7 July 1919 -- 20 May 1996 )  , known professionally as Jon Pertwee , was an English actor , entertainer and cabaret performer .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation , better known as SpaceX , is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company headquartered in Hawthorne , California .
Down syndrome  ( DS or DNS )  , also known as trisomy 21 , is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21 .
Filming began on 23 May 2016 in Dunkirk , France , and was shot on IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large format film stock by cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema .
It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
A highly multilingual country , Swahili is used in parliamentary debate , in the lower courts , and as a medium of instruction in primary school ; and English is used in foreign trade , in diplomacy , in higher courts , and as a medium of instruction in secondary and higher education , although the Tanzanian government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction altogether .
Jason Kent Bateman  ( born January 14 , 1969 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
Vikrant Massey is an Indian actor .
Though a committed royalist when he was young , Hugo 's views changed as the decades passed , and he became a passionate supporter of republicanism ; his work touches upon most of the political and social issues and the artistic trends of his time .
Ashley Judd  ( born Ashley Tyler Ciminella ; April 19 , 1968 )  is an American actress and political activist .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
Kathleen Doyle Bates  ( born June 28 , 1948 )  is an American actress .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
Murder on the Orient Express is an upcoming British-American mystery film directed by Kenneth Branagh .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
This stars Christopher Reeve  ( in one of his final screen appearances )  , Daryl Hannah , and Robert Forster .
Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson  ( born 5 April 1989 )  , known as Lily James , is an English actress .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
A lymph node or lymph gland , is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system , and of the adaptive immune system , that is widely present throughout the body .
Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought .
Helena Bonham Carter ,  ( born 26 May 1966 )  is an English actress .
Ajay Devgan  ( born Vishal Veeru Devgan on 2 April 1969 )  , also credited as Ajay Devgn , is an Indian film actor , director and producer .
CP is partly preventable through immunization of the mother and efforts to prevent head injuries in children such as through improved safety .
A number of Leonardo 's most practical inventions are nowadays displayed as working models at the Museum of Vinci .
By April 1997 he had already won his first major , the 1997 Masters .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Jazz Jennings  ( born )  is an American YouTube personality , spokesmodel , television personality and LGBTQ rights activist .
She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real  ( 1999 -- 2000 )  , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries  ( 2001 )  , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy .
A live-action film was released in 2005 entitled Constantine , in which an Americanized version of the character is played by actor Keanu Reeves .
Giada Pamela De Laurentiis  (  [ ˈdʒaːda paˈmɛːla de lauˈrɛnti.is ]  ; born August 22 , 1970 )  is an Italian-born American chef , writer , television personality , and the host of the current Food Network television program Giada at Home .
The President of the Russian Federation  (  [ Президент Российской Федерации , r = Prezident Rossiiskoi Federatsii ]  )  is the elected head of state , Supreme Commander-in-Chief and holder of the highest office within the Russian Federation .
From 2006 to 2013 , Baldwin starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock , winning two Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show , making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards .
The population of the city has increased tenfold since the 1950s , as migrants from across Anatolia have moved in and city limits have expanded to accommodate them .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
Roger Federer  ( born 8 August 1981 )  is a Swiss professional tennis player .
Andre Kirk Agassi  (  [ ˈɑːndreɪ ˈæɡəsi ]  born April 29 , 1970 )  is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
He serves as the lead character of the comic books Hellblazer  ( 1988 -- 2013 )  , Constantine  ( 2013 -- 15 )  , Constantine : The Hellblazer  ( 2015 -- 16 )  , and The Hellblazer  ( 2016 -- )  .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
It was directed by Robert Luketic , scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Luke Wilson , Selma Blair , Matthew Davis , Victor Garber , and Jennifer Coolidge .
No Escape is a 2015 American action film directed by John Erick Dowdle , who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother , Drew Dowdle .
He starred on the Comedy Central television series Reno 911 !
Jeffrey Perry  ( born August 16 , 1955 )  is an American actor of stage , television , and film .
Isaac Liev Schreiber  (  [ ˈliː.ɛv ]  born October 4 , 1967 )  , better known as Liev Schreiber , is an American actor , director , screenwriter , and producer .
With Pink Floyd , he recorded four singles , their debut album  ( and contributed to the second one )  , and several unreleased songs .
Adderall is a combination drug containing salts of the two enantiomers of amphetamine , a central nervous system  ( CNS )  stimulant of the phenethylamine class .
Renaissance art is the painting , sculpture and decorative arts of that period of European history known as the Renaissance , emerging as a distinct style in Italy in about 1400 , in parallel with developments which occurred in philosophy , literature , music and science .
Shania Twain , OC  (  [ ʃəˈnaɪ.ə   ˈtweɪn ]  born Eilleen Regina Edwards ; August 28 , 1965 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Mark Richard Hamill  ( born September 25 , 1951 )  is an American actor , voice actor , producer and writer .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Celeste and Jesse Forever is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lee Toland Krieger .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
Starr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during childhood , and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations fell behind in school .
Named after the French aviator Roland Garros , it is the premier clay court tennis championship event in the world and the second of four annual Grand Slam tournaments , the other three being the Australian Open , Wimbledon and the US Open .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
Bahrain  (  [ bɑːˈreɪn ]  البحرين )  , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain , is a small Arab monarchy in the Arabian Gulf .
In 1935 , Basie formed his own jazz orchestra , the Count Basie Orchestra , and in 1936 took them to Chicago for a long engagement and their first recording .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
Many new structures were built at this time , including an aqueduct , two shrines to Demeter , and many houses .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
The Fifth Element  ( Le Cinquième Élément )  is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson .
Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee  ( 27 May 1922 -- 7 June 2015 )  was an English character actor , singer , and author .
He has also appeared in a number of films , including the 2006 Academy Award-nominated United 93 , in which his portrayal of Mark Bingham earned him the Boston Society of Film Critics 2006 award for Best Ensemble Cast .
To Die For is a 1995 American criminal comedy-drama film , made in a mockumentary format , directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry , based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard , which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart .
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Wayne Wang and based on a story by John Hughes , who is credited using a pseudonym .
Based on the novel of the same name by Helen Cross , the film explores the lesbian relationship between two young women from different classes and backgrounds .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction , which relies on the mental , emotional and psychological status of characters to frighten or unsettle readers , viewers , or players .
Cleopatra VII Philopator  ( Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ 69 -- August 12 , 30 BC )  , known to history simply as Cleopatra , was the last active ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt , briefly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
She appeared in the series The Following in 2013 and joined the main cast of the Netflix series Bloodline , which launched in 2015 .
The film received four more Academy Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Sound Editing , Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song , winning the latter two .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
Known for her fierce independence and spirited personality , Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of parliament and government .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom  ( born July 22 , 1965 )  , better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels , is an American actor , professional wrestling personality , television presenter and retired professional wrestler .
In the mid-2000s , Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films , by appearing in supporting roles in three highly successful productions , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Rang De Basanti  ( 2006 )  , Mani Ratnam 's biopic Guru  ( 2007 )  and Rajkumar Hirani 's 3 Idiots  ( 2009 )  , which went on to become the highest grossing Indian film of all time upon release .
She has won five Grand Slam singles titles , twelve Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and five Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ; for a combined total of twenty-two major titles .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The song features verses from rapper Snoop Dogg .
She is known for her roles in the fantasy films Clash of the Titans  ( 2010 )  , Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time  ( 2010 )  , Byzantium  ( 2013 )  and as the character Gretel in Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters  ( 2013 )  .
The Falling is a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by Carol Morley .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
Vikrant Massey is an Indian actor .
Films he has directed include Walk the Line , which he also co-wrote ; The Wolverine ; Logan ; Cop Land ; Girl , Interrupted ; Knight and Day ; and the 2007 remake 3:10 to Yuma .
The Aegean Sea  (  [ ᵻˈdʒiːən ]  Αιγαίο Πέλαγος  [ eˈʝeo ˈpelaɣos ]  ; Ege Denizi  [ eɟe denizi ]  )  is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea located between the Greek and Anatolian peninsulas , i.e. , between the mainlands of Greece and Turkey .
Rajon Pierre Rondo  ( born February 22 , 1986 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Bryan Lee Cranston  ( born March 7 , 1956 )  is an American actor , voice actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
He has also produced several works from his record label Crydamoure with label co-owner Éric Chedeville .
Lonesome Dove also won two Golden Globes , for Best Miniseries and Best Actor in a Miniseries  ( Robert Duvall )  .
He operates primarily as a central midfielder and is comfortable playing both in attack and defence .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
The island 's government is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system , and Mauritius is highly ranked for democracy and for economic and political freedom .
The Walt Disney Company , commonly known as Disney , is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
The film stars Emily Blunt , Rebecca Ferguson , Haley Bennett , Justin Theroux , Luke Evans , Allison Janney , Édgar Ramírez , and Lisa Kudrow , and follows an alcoholic divorcée who becomes involved in a missing persons investigation .
Trained as a civil servant , he entered the country 's House of Representatives in 1943 for the True Whig Party , then the only established party in the country .
Justified is an American crime drama television series that premiered on March 16 , 2010 , on the FX network .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
Donald Hugh `` Don '' Henley  ( born July 22 , 1947 )  is an American singer-songwriter , producer , and drummer , best known as a founding member of the Eagles before launching a successful solo career .
In 2013 , Delta Air Lines was the world 's largest airline in terms of scheduled passengers carried  ( 120.6 million )  , and the second-largest in terms of both revenue passenger-kilometers flown  ( 277.6 billion )  and capacity  ( 4.4 billion ASM/week ; March 2013 )  .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
James Blake Litherland  ( born 26 September 1988 )  , known as James Blake , is an English singer , songwriter , musician and record producer from London .
He began his career as a child and starred in the PBS educational series The Voyage of the Mimi  ( 1984 , 1988 )  .
The 1983 -- 84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association .
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
John Matthew Heard , Jr.  ( born March 7 , 1945 )  is an American film and television actor .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
Funny or Die is a comedy video website and film/TV production company founded by Will Ferrell , Adam McKay and Chris Henchy .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
On March 31 , 1993 , Lee died during the filming of The Crow in an accident involving a prop gun .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The film was inspired by Upton Sinclair 's novel Oil !
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
Produced by Sullivan Bluth Studios , Amblin Partners ' Amblin Entertainment and Lucasfilm  ( despite not receiving an official credit nor the film 's marketing bearing the studio 's logo )  , it features dinosaurs living in the prehistoric times .
The film stars Ben Affleck , Rosamund Pike , Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry .
It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx .
Its estimated mid-2015 municipal population  ( corresponding to Greater London )  was 8,673,713 , the largest of any city in the European Union , and accounting for 12.5 % of the UK population .
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes produced the film for New Line Cinema , as an intention to reboot the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise , with the cast of Jackie Earle Haley , Kyle Gallner , Rooney Mara , Katie Cassidy , Thomas Dekker and Kellan Lutz .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
She began her film career as a teenager with roles in her father 's films and appeared alongside her brother in the psychological horror film Donnie Darko  ( 2001 )  .
The Right Stuff is a 1983 American epic historical drama film that was adapted from Tom Wolfe 's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy , Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base , California , as well as the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury , the first manned spaceflight by the United States .
William `` Will '' Turner , Jr. is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean films .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
Russ Vitale  ( born September 26 , 1992 )  , known by his stage name and mononym Russ , is an American hip hop recording artist , singer-songwriter and record producer .
The seat of Eurojust is in The Hague .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
In addition to the mainland , the country is made up of more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides .
The film follows a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants over the course of an evening at a remote summer home .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
This led to a nine-month contract with MGM and he moved to the United States where he appeared as a stock actor .
Ethan Green Hawke  ( born November 6 , 1970 )  is an American actor , writer , and director .
The Champ is a 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and a remake of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor .
She was born and raised in Phoenix , Arizona , as the daughter of wealthy beer distributor Jim Hensley .
A member of the Gyllenhaal family and the son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner , Gyllenhaal began acting as a child with a screen debut in City Slickers  ( 1991 )  , followed by roles in A Dangerous Woman  ( 1993 )  and Homegrown  ( 1998 )  .
He wrote and recorded the songs `` Me and Bobby McGee '' , `` For the Good Times '' , `` Sunday Mornin ' Comin ' Down '' , and `` Help Me Make It Through the Night '' .
The city is abundantly rich in water , with thirteen lakes , wetlands , the Mississippi River , creeks and waterfalls , many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
After receiving the Artist of the Year award from the 2008 Mnet Korean Music Festival , the group expanded their endeavors to Japan , releasing both their second Korean studio-album , Remember , and their first Japanese album , Number 1 , in the same year , and consequently winning three awards at the 9th MTV Video Music Awards Japan .
Her son and successor , Edward VII , belonged to the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , the line of his father .
The main ethnic groups are Arabs and Kurds ; others include Assyrians , Turkmen , Shabakis , Yazidis , Armenians , Mandeans , Circassians , and Kawliya .
Henry John Deutschendorf Jr.  ( December 31 , 1943 -- October 12 , 1997 )  , known professionally as John Denver , an American musician , singer-songwriter , record producer , activist , actor , and humanitarian , whose greatest commercial success was as a solo singer .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
Kidman 's breakthrough roles were in the 1989 feature film thriller Dead Calm and television thriller miniseries Bangkok Hilton .
After training under the theatre director Arvind Gaur , Ranaut made her feature film debut in the 2006 thriller Gangster , for which she was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
He was also known for playing Frankenstein in the original Death Race movie and Bill in both Kill Bill films .
Kristofer Hivju  ( born December 7 , 1978 )  is a Norwegian film actor , producer , and writer .
G-Dragon debuted as a solo artist with the release of Heartbreaker in 2009 .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Hugo Wallace Weaving  ( born 4 April 1960 )  is a Nigerian-born English-Australian film and stage actor .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
Paul Leonard Newman  ( January 26 , 1925 -- September 26 , 2008 )  was an American actor , IndyCar driver , entrepreneur , and philanthropist .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
Little Mix released their third studio album Get Weird in 2015 and it is their best-selling and longest charting album to date in the UK .
Melanie Richards Griffith  ( born August 9 , 1957 )  is an American actress .
`` Pilot '' is the first episode of the television series Supernatural .
Quentin Jerome Tarantino  (  [ ˌtærənˈtiːnoʊ ]  born March 27 , 1963 )  is an American director , writer , and actor .
Considered to be the greatest living artist during his lifetime , he has since been described as one of the greatest artists of all time .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Leto has also directed music videos , including the MTV Video Music Award -- winning `` The Kill ''  ( 2006 )  , `` Kings and Queens ''  ( 2009 )  , and `` Up in the Air ''  ( 2013 )  .
Scotland  (  [ ˈskɒt.lənd ]  Scots :  [ - scoˈskɔt.lənd ]  Alba  [ ˈal̪ˠapə ]  )  is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain .
He later released his debut studio album Under Pressure in October 2014 , which debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 , eventually becoming certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  and having sold more than 171,000 copies .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked Crawford tenth on its list of the greatest female stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema .
Love Aaj Kal  ( Love Nowadays )  is a 2009 Indian romantic comedy-drama film starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone in lead roles with Rahul Khanna , Rishi Kapoor and Giselli Monteiro in supporting roles .
How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated action-fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  ( May 12 , 1907 -- June 29 , 2003 )  was an American actress .
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr.  ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon .
Lynyrd Skynyrd  ( pronounced  [ ˌlɛnərd ˈskɪnərd ]  )  is an American rock band best known for popularizing the Southern rock genre during the 1970s .
It is notable for being the film debut for both Cornish , Boyega , and future Academy Award-winning composer Steven Price .
Nanotechnology  ( `` nanotech '' )  is manipulation of matter on an atomic , molecular , and supramolecular scale .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
Heather Miriam Watson  ( born 19 May 1992 )  is a British tennis player and a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion .
Milica Bogdanovna `` Milla '' JovovichSerbian Cyrillic : Милица Јововић ; Милица Йовович Милиця Йовович  (  [ ˈjoʊvəvɪtʃ ]  ; born December 17 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model , musician , and fashion designer .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
An elite playmaker , renowned for his elegance , vision , ball control and technique , Zidane was named the best European footballer of the past 50 years in the UEFA Golden Jubilee Poll .
It was MGM 's most expensive production to date and did not completely recoup the studio 's investment nor turn a profit until theatrical re-releases starting in 1949 .
He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total .
Neil Alden Armstrong  ( August 5 , 1930 -- August 25 , 2012 )  was an American astronaut and the first person to walk on the Moon .
He is especially known for his Jack Reacher novel series .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
Other films include High Noon  ( 1952 )  with Gary Cooper , Dial M for Murder  ( 1954 )  with Ray Milland , Rear Window  ( 1954 )  with James Stewart , To Catch a Thief  ( 1955 )  with Cary Grant , and High Society  ( 1956 )  with Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby .
Buddy Holly  ( born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 )  was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll .
It stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston , Samuel L. Jackson , John Goodman , Brie Larson , Jing Tian , Toby Kebbell , John Ortiz , Corey Hawkins , Jason Mitchell , Shea Whigham , Thomas Mann , Terry Notary and John C. Reilly .
The series focused on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from May 17 , 1976 , to December 31 , 1979 .
Created by Bob Kane , David Wood , and Sheldon Moldoff , the character first appeared in Batman # 121  ( February 1959 )  , where he was known as Mr. Zero .
The USA PATRIOT Act is an Act of Congress that was signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 26 , 2001 .
Albert Arnold Gore Jr.  ( born March 31 , 1948 )  is an American politician and environmentalist who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton .
Aaliyah Dana Haughton  (  [ ɑ : ˈliːə ]  January 16 , 1979 -- August 25 , 2001 )  was an American singer , actress , and model .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling , also known as GLOW or G.L.O.W. , is a women 's professional wrestling promotion begun in 1986  ( the pilot was filmed in December 1985 )  and continued in various forms after it left television .
Starbucks was founded in Seattle , Washington in 1971 .
Among 30 Borrelia known species , it is one of four which are likely to infect humans causing a variant of Lyme disease .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Walker began his career guest-starring in several television shows such as The Young and the Restless and Touched by an Angel .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
Currently signed to WWE on a part-time contract , Johnson gained mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation  ( WWF , now WWE )  from 1996 to 2004 as a major figure in the company 's Attitude Era , and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history .
Algeria  ( الجزائر ; ⴷⵣⴰⵢⴻⵔ , Dzayer ; Algérie )  , officially the People 's Democratic Republic of Algeria , is a sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast .
Coogan has also branched out into more dramatic roles , with What Maisie Knew , and portrayed Paul Raymond in the biopic The Look of Love .
She began her acting career by playing Sarah Roberts on One Life to Live  ( 1994 -- 97 )  , and Lizzie Spaulding on Guiding Light  ( 1996 -- 2000 )  , before starring at age 10 as Sheryl Yoast in the Disney feature film Remember the Titans .
Lahore  (  [ lə ` hɔər ]  )   (  [ ,  [ )  is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab .
In 2003 , he won his second National Film Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Bhagat Singh in Rajkumar Santoshi 's biopic The Legend of Bhagat Singh .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett .
`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga .
He began his career as a White House staff assistant for Ronald Reagan , and was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce and United States Ambassador to Singapore by George H.W. Bush .
He has been influential in popular music and culture for more than five decades .
The New York Times  ( sometimes abbreviated NYT and The Times )  is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by The New York Times Company .
Berlin  (  [ bəɹˈlɪn ]  ,  [ bɛɐ̯ˈliːn ]  )  is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states .
In 2015 , she won an Emmy Award for her performance on the children 's television series R.L. Stine 's The Haunting Hour .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
Anderson received critical and commercial success for his film Boogie Nights  ( 1997 )  , set during the Golden Age of Porn in the 1970s and 1980s .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
In the early 1980s , Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
It is the only species of Canis to have a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds , and originated in Eurasia during the Pleistocene , colonizing North America on at least three separate occasions during the Rancholabrean .
Directed by Bryan Singer , it is the seventh installment of the X-Men film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand and 2011 's X-Men : First Class .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
Sir Robert Bryson Hall II  ( born January 22 , 1990 )  , known by his stage name Logic , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
The group 's musical style primarily consists of rock with an emphasis on funk , as well as elements from other genres such as punk rock and psychedelic rock .
Lithuania has an estimated population of 2.8 million people , and its capital and largest city is Vilnius .
The same year , she starred as Fantine in Tom Hooper 's Les Misérables , which earned her widespread acclaim and she won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and SAG Awards for Best Supporting Actress .
Nonetheless , Freud 's work has suffused contemporary Western thought and popular culture .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
The film subsequently won awards for its music composition and acting , notably one Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Award and two ASCAP Awards .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Most traditional papers also feature an editorial page containing editorials written by an editor  ( or by the paper 's editorial board )  and expressing an opinion on a public issue , opinion articles called `` op-eds '' written by guest writers  ( which are typically in the same section as the editorial )  , and columns that express the personal opinions of columnists , usually offering analysis and synthesis that attempts to translate the raw data of the news into information telling the reader `` what it all means '' and persuading them to concur .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Scott Hicks .
In line with this and most other definitions the examples of microstates include : Liechtenstein , Monaco , San Marino , Andorra , the Cook Islands , Niue and the Federated States of Micronesia .
After eight years of marriage , Marie Antoinette gave birth to a daughter , Marie-Thérèse Charlotte , the first of her four children .
Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2 % .
Rumi 's influence transcends national borders and ethnic divisions : Iranians , Tajiks , Turks , Greeks , Pashtuns , other Central Asian Muslims , and the Muslims of South Asia have greatly appreciated his spiritual legacy for the past seven centuries .
However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
It is primarily aimed at children and adolescents aged 8 -- 17 , while its weekday morning edutainment programs are targeted at younger children aged 0 -- 7 .
His character was a part of the team of diagnosticians who worked under Gregory House until the end of the third season when House fires him .
All extant species are in the genus Equus .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
A spin-off of the format of The Great British Bake Off , the programme is presented by Claudia Winkleman .
Her first mainstream appearance was in 2005 , when she worked as a red carpet reporter for the MTV Video Music Awards on MTV India .
The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie  ( 1973 )  , combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger  ( 1975 )  and Stardust  ( 1978 )  , made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
The series is a revival of sorts of the network 's 1998 series of the same name , changing its primary setting from Chicago to New York City .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
In recent decades , the Opry has hosted such contemporary country stars as Dolly Parton , Alan Jackson , Garth Brooks , Reba McEntire , Josh Turner , Carrie Underwood , Brad Paisley , Rascal Flatts , Dierks Bentley , Kacey Musgraves , Blake Shelton and the Dixie Chicks .
From 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University 's Society of Fellows , where he developed the theory of transformational grammar for which he was awarded his doctorate in 1955 .
Its capital , located along its southeastern coast , is Port Moresby .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
The film received generally positive reviews and grossed over $ 97 million on a $ 40 million budget .
The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom and the British Commonwealth , with campaigns including the North Africa and East Africa campaigns , the aerial Battle of Britain , the Blitz bombing campaign , the Balkan Campaign as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
RMS Titanic  (  [ taɪˈtænɪk ]  )  was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in the early morning of 15 April 1912 , after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City .
Michael Carlyle Hall  ( born February 1 , 1971 )  is an American actor , known for his role as Dexter Morgan , a serial killer and blood spatter analyst , in the Showtime TV Network series Dexter , and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series Six Feet Under .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 317,000 copies in its first week , earning Beyoncé the highest debut sales among Destiny 's Child members ' solo albums .
After touring for most of the next eight years , the band followed up with the double album Hardwired ... to Self-Destruct  ( 2016 )  , which demonstrated examples from some of the different musical styles that the band has dabbled in throughout its career .
Ariana Grande-Butera  ( born June 26 , 1993 )  , known as Ariana Grande  (  [ ˌɑriˈɑːnə ˈɡrɑːndeɪ ]  )  , is an American singer and actress .
His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Lennon revealed a rebellious nature and acerbic wit in his music , writing , drawings , on film and in interviews .
It is a nonselective COX inhibitor , usually sold as the sodium salt .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
Matthew Gregory Kuchar  ( born June 21 , 1978 )  is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour .
He is currently signed to WWE , as an ambassador and trainer , since December 2010 .
He began acting in the 1970s , playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and a starring role in Days of Heaven .
Supernatural is an American fantasy horror television series created by Eric Kripke .
The Yale School of Drama  ( also known as YSD )  is a graduate professional school of Yale University located in New Haven , Connecticut .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
The album was supported by four singles : `` Extravaganza '' featuring Kanye West , the title track `` Unpredictable '' featuring Ludacris , `` DJ Play a Love Song '' featuring Twista , and `` Can I Take U Home '' .
Wu Yifan  ( , pronounced  [ - cmnu2-i4fan4 ]  , ; born November 6 , 1990 )  , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
In addition to acting , Kapoor supports charities , hosts award ceremonies , and has featured as a talent judge on the dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa Reloaded  ( 2015 )  .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
Rebecca Maria Hall  ( born 3 May 1982 )  is an English-American actress .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards .
The story takes place in a fictional world , primarily upon a continent called Westeros , with one storyline occurring on another continent to the east known as Essos .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
Sutherland got his first leading film role in the Canadian drama The Bay Boy  ( 1984 )  , which earned him a Genie Award nomination .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
The 1991 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1990 -- 91 NBA season .
The duo achieved significant popularity in the late 1990s as part of the French house movement and had continuous success in the years following , combining elements of house music with funk , techno , disco , rock music and synthpop influences .
Snowpiercer  ( hangul : 설국열차 ; hanja : 雪國列車 ; RR : Seolgungnyeolcha )  is a 2013 English-language South Korean-Czech science fiction thriller film based on the French graphic novel Le Transperceneige by Jacques Lob , Benjamin Legrand and Jean-Marc Rochette .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
William Shatner  ( born March 22 , 1931 )  is a Canadian actor , author , producer , and director .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
Scarlett Johansson  (  [ dʒoʊˈhænsən ]  born November 22 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , and singer .
Wu Yifan  ( , pronounced  [ - cmnu2-i4fan4 ]  , ; born November 6 , 1990 )  , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model .
Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas .
The series follows the adventures of a late-20th-century New York City pizza delivery boy , Philip J. Fry , who , after being unwittingly cryogenically frozen for one thousand years , finds employment at Planet Express , an interplanetary delivery company in the retro-futuristic 31st century .
Perry signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album Katy Hudson under her birth name in 2001 , which was commercially unsuccessful .
Throughout the 1990s and 2000s , Bowie continued to experiment with musical styles , including industrial and jungle .
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
A Thousand Suns is the fourth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Marvel 's The Avengers  ( classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland )  , or simply The Avengers , is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
In Japan , the system is called the , or SFC for short .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
The film received positive reviews and is considered by many to be one of the best superhero films of the 2000s .
Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman .
Matt Cameron became the band 's full-time drummer in 1986 , while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990 .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewen Burke  ( born 25 August 1988 )  is a British singer-songwriter and voice actor .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo  (  [ ˈkɒŋɡəʊ ]   [ kɔ̃ɡo ]  ; République démocratique du Congo )  , also known as DR Congo , DRC , DROC , Congo-Kinshasa or simply the Congo , is a country located in Central Africa .
Quentin Jerome Tarantino  (  [ ˌtærənˈtiːnoʊ ]  born March 27 , 1963 )  is an American director , writer , and actor .
The octopus  (  [ ˈɒktpəs ]  or ~  [ əpʊs ]  )  is a soft-bodied , eight-armed mollusc of the order Octopoda .
He was named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year twice .
The Irish Football Association described him as the `` greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland '' .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
The most common symptoms are coughing  ( including coughing up blood )  , weight loss , shortness of breath , and chest pains .
In politics , she condemned the initiation of force as immoral , and opposed collectivism and statism as well as anarchism , and instead supported laissez-faire capitalism , which she defined as the system based on recognizing individual rights .
Google has been the second most valuable brand in the world for 4 consecutive years , but has received significant criticism involving issues such as privacy concerns , tax avoidance , antitrust , censorship , and search neutrality .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco  ( born February 16 , 1982 )  , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco  (  [ ˈluːpeɪ ]  )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
The album contains her first song , `` Hometown Glory '' , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
She has opened for famous acts such as Patti Labelle , Peabo Bryson and Gladys Knight , and toured for three years with Jimmy Cliff .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Homer refers to her as Artemis Agrotera , Potnia Theron : `` Artemis of the wildland , Mistress of Animals '' .
Beginning his career as a stand-up comedian and later becoming an MTV presenter , Brand first achieved notoriety in 2004 as the host of Big Brother 's Big Mouth , a Big Brother spin-off .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
The Star Trek film series is the cinematic branch of the Star Trek media franchise , which began in 1966 as a weekly television series on NBC , running for three seasons until it was canceled in 1969 because of poor ratings .
At 3.8 million square miles  ( 9.8 million km2 )  and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous .
With The Shining  ( 1980 )  , he became one of the first directors to make use of a Steadicam for stabilized and fluid tracking shots .
The main plot revolves around Selene  ( Kate Beckinsale )  , a vampire Death Dealer hunting Lycans .
Dirt  ( styled d!rt for logos )  is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network .
The film is based on Cretton 's short film of the same name , produced in 2009 .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Tina Turner  ( born Anna Mae Bullock ; November 26 , 1939 )  , is an American-born recording artist , dancer , actress , and author , whose career has spanned more than half a century , earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards .
Lukaku made his professional debut while still at school at the age of 16 , and became the 2009 -- 10 top scorer in Belgium as Anderlecht won the Belgian championship .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
After beginning his career in Argentina with Instituto de Córdoba in 2011 , he moved to Italian club Palermo in 2012 ; his performances in Serie A later earned him a transfer to Juventus in 2015 , where he won the league title , the Coppa Italia and the Supercoppa Italiana during his first season with the club .
Spain was the first European country to claim the area of Texas .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
Fifth Harmony is an American girl group formed on the second season of The X Factor US in July 2012 .
The films star Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson , and Taylor Lautner .
Theodore Robert Bundy  ( born Theodore Robert Cowell ; November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 )  was an American serial killer , kidnapper , rapist , burglar , and necrophile who assaulted and murdered numerous young women and girls during the 1970s , and possibly earlier .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
He was succeeded by his eldest daughter , Elizabeth II .
The South Wales Valleys  ( Cymoedd De Cymru )  are a number of industrialised valleys in South Wales .
Established on 10 October 1845 , under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft , it is the second oldest of the United States ' five service academies , and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps .
Walter hires lawyer Saul Goodman  ( Bob Odenkirk )  , who connects him with private investigator and fixer Mike Ehrmantraut  ( Jonathan Banks )  and in turn Mike 's employer , drug kingpin Gus Fring  ( Giancarlo Esposito )  .
The Doctor is the title character and protagonist in the long-running BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
He is considered to have been a central figure of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
The Wicked Witch of the West is a fictional character and the most significant antagonist in L. Frank Baum 's children 's book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz  ( 1900 )  .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Victoria Loren `` Tori '' Kelly  ( born December 14 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and voice actress who slowly gained recognition after starting to post videos on YouTube at the age of 14 .
McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish -- American War , raised protective tariffs to promote American industry , and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals .
`` See You Again '' is the debut single by American recording artist Miley Cyrus .
Nocturnal Animals is a 2016 American neo-noir psychological thriller film written , co-produced , and directed by Tom Ford , based on the 1993 novel Tony and Susan by Austin Wright .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s , Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Most Azerbaijanis however , do not actively practice any religion , and the country has been seen to be one of the most irreligious countries in the Muslim world , with 53 % stating religion has little to no importance in their lives , according to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls .
   NOTOC   
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 .
She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real  ( 1999 -- 2000 )  , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries  ( 2001 )  , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy .
Sonny with a Chance is an American sitcom created by Steve Marmel which aired for two seasons on Disney Channel from February 8 , 2009 to January 2 , 2011 .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of From Here to Eternity , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins , Sons and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company on 19 June 1926 .
It was released as the seventh single from the album on September 23 , 2008 .
Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film co-written , produced , and directed by Ben Stiller .
Following industry trends , its weekday circulation had fallen in 2009 to fewer than one million .
Created by Bob Kane , David Wood , and Sheldon Moldoff , the character first appeared in Batman # 121  ( February 1959 )  , where he was known as Mr. Zero .
He made his screen debut in an episode of CBS Summer Playhouse  ( 1989 )  , followed by minor film roles .
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Khaled Mohamed Khaled  ( born November 26 , 1975 )  , known professionally as DJ Khaled , is an American record producer , radio personality , DJ , record label executive , and author .
Courteney Bass Cox  ( born June 15 , 1964 )  is an American actress , producer , and director .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Heather Joan Graham  ( born January 29 , 1970 )  is an American actress .
It stars Tom Cruise , Dakota Fanning , Justin Chatwin , Miranda Otto and Tim Robbins , with narration by Morgan Freeman .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
fi
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
She is best known in her native United Kingdom for her role in the television comedy series Brass , and to international audiences as Mon Mothma in the Star Wars film Return of the Jedi .
Sherlock is a crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes detective stories .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
She is the great-granddaughter of Conrad Hilton , the founder of Hilton Hotels .
After studying improv at Chicago 's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s , she went to New York City in 1996 to become part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade .
Christopher Ryan Hardwick  ( born November 23 , 1971 )  is an American stand-up comedian , voice actor , television host , writer , producer , podcaster , and musician .
Cited in the media as the `` best actress of her generation '' , -- a designation to which she objects -- Streep is particularly known for her versatility in her roles , transformation into the characters she plays , and her accent adaptation .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
There are contanious  [ sic ]  sexual scenes , abusive words , audio pornography and a bit sensitive touch about one particular section of society '' .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
He is widely regarded as the greatest clay-court player in history , and owing to his dominance and success on the surface , he has been called `` The King of Clay '' .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Christopher Columbus  ( Cristoforo Colombo -- 20 May 1506 )  was an Italian explorer , navigator , and colonizer .
Marie Antoinette  (  [ ˈmæriˌæntwəˈnɛt ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːntwə - ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːtwə - ]  ,  [ məˈriː - ]   [ maʁi ɑ̃twanɛt ]  ; born Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna  ( 2 November 1755 -- 16 October 1793 )  was the last Queen of France and Navarre before the French Revolution .
The serendipitous presence within the region of Florence in the early 15th century of certain individuals of artistic genius , most notably Masaccio , Brunelleschi , Ghiberti , Piero della Francesca , Donatello and Michelozzo formed an ethos out of which sprang the great masters of the High Renaissance , as well as supporting and encouraging many lesser artists to achieve work of extraordinary quality .
As Lydia Deetz , a goth teenager in Tim Burton 's Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , she won critical acclaim and widespread recognition .
The Nintendo Switch is the seventh major home video game console developed by Nintendo .
The Group of Seven  ( G7 )  was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada  ( since 1976 )  and the President of the European Commission  ( starting officially in 1981 )  .
He trained at the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1991 , before beginning his career on stage .
The series follows the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick and his fretful , easily influenced grandson Morty , who split their time between domestic family life and interdimensional adventures .
The following years saw several conflicts with its neighbours , which prompted Bulgaria to align with Germany in both world wars .
His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape  ( 1989 )  won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award .
Paris Whitney Hilton  ( born February 17 , 1981 )  is an American businesswoman , socialite , television and media personality , model , actress , singer , and DJ .
Buddy Holly  ( born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 )  was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll .
`` Purple Haze '' is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and released as the second record single by the Jimi Hendrix Experience on March 17 , 1967 .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Woods and Rory McIlroy are the only golfers to win both The Silver Medal and The Gold Medal at The Open Championship .
The F1 season consists of a series of races , known as Grands Prix  ( from French , meaning grand prizes )  , held worldwide on purpose-built F1 circuits and public roads .
Albania  (  [ ælˈbeɪniə ,   ɔːl - ]  , ; Shqipëri / Shqipëria Shqipni/Shqipnia or Shqypni/Shqypnia )  , officially the Republic of Albania  ( Republika e Shqipërisë ,  [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ]  )  , is a country in Southeastern Europe .
An attacking right-handed middle-order batsman and wicket-keeper , he is widely regarded as one of the greatest finishers in limited-overs cricket .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
William Jennings Bryan  ( March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 )  was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's nominee for President of the United States  ( 1896 , 1900 , and 1908 )  .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
A major film studio is a production and film distributor that releases a substantial number of films annually and consistently commands a significant share of box office revenue in a given market .
In Norse mythology , from which stems most of the information about the god , Odin is associated with healing , death , royalty , the gallows , knowledge , battle , sorcery , poetry , frenzy , and the runic alphabet , and is the husband of the goddess Frigg .
Lung cancer , also known as lung carcinoma , is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
It was once the world 's flour milling capital and a hub for timber .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo , with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander , Dick Cavett , Susan Lynch , John Krasinski , Rachel Covey , and Mia Dillon .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
Joan of Arc  ( Jeanne d'Arc ,  [ ʒan daʁk ]  ; 6 January c. 1412 -- 30 May 1431 )  , nicknamed `` The Maid of Orléans ''  ( La Pucelle d'Orléans )  , is considered a heroine of France for her role during the Lancastrian phase of the Hundred Years ' War and was canonized as a Roman Catholic saint .
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
The Big Trail is a 1930 American pre-Code early widescreen movie shot on location across the American West starring John Wayne in his first leading role and directed by Raoul Walsh .
The movie was written and directed by Matt Mulhern and released by IFC Films in November 2005 .
Sir Robert Bryson Hall II  ( born January 22 , 1990 )  , known by his stage name Logic , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
She has received international acclaim and many accolades , including six AACTA Awards , two Academy Awards , three Screen Actors Guild Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and three BAFTA Awards .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
He and fellow member Paul McCartney formed a much-celebrated songwriting partnership .
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
His sentence of eighteen years in prison was later reduced to twelve , and he served only four years before being released in 1953 .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Dhoom 3  (  [ - hnsˈd̪ʱuːm 3 ]  , English : Blast 3 or Boom 3 , also abbreviated and known as D :3 and D3 )  is a 2013 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra .
Duvall has starred in numerous films and television series , including To Kill a Mockingbird  ( 1962 )  , The Twilight Zone  ( 1963 )  , The Outer Limits  ( 1964 )  , Bullitt  ( 1968 )  , True Grit  ( 1969 )  , MASH  ( 1970 )  , THX 1138  ( 1971 )  , Joe Kidd  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather Part II  ( 1974 )  , The Conversation  ( 1974 )  , Network  ( 1976 )  , Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  , The Great Santini  ( 1979 )  , Lonesome Dove  ( 1989 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Rambling Rose  ( 1991 )  , and Falling Down  ( 1993 )  .
His third studio album The Colour in Anything was released in 2016 .
Russell Edward Brand  ( born 4 June 1975 )  is an English comedian , actor , radio host , author , and activist .
Joy received a theatrical release on December 25 , 2015 , distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Aubrey Drake Graham  ( born October 24 , 1986 )  better known by the stage name Drake , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor .
Above the Law  ( also known as Nico )  is a 1988 American action film written , produced and directed by Andrew Davis , and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal in his film debut .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
Filmfare is an English-language , tabloid-sized magazine about Hindi-language cinema , popularly known as Bollywood .
Borrelia afzelii is a species of Borrelia a bacterium that can infect various species of vertebrates and invertebrates .
He later went back to his birth name , Joaquín , and received positive reviews for his supporting work in a wide range of films , most notably in the film adaptation of the novel To Die For  ( 1995 )  and the period film Quills  ( 2000 )  .
It has no known date of foundation , but there is evidence of teaching as far back as 1096 , making it the oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world 's second-oldest university in continuous operation .
Driver has appeared in supporting roles in a wide range of films , including Lincoln  ( 2012 )  , Frances Ha  ( 2012 )  and Inside Llewyn Davis  ( 2013 )  .
It was her first book for children , and was illustrated by the author 's sister , Ruth Gervis .
His brother , Jeb Bush , a former Governor of Florida , was a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
Cracks is a 2009 independent drama psychological thriller film starring Eva Green , James McGovern , Juno Temple , María Valverde , and Imogen Poots , which was released theatrically in the UK and Ireland on 4 December 2009 .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
Current research directions include determining the exact mechanism of the disease , improving animal models to aid with research , testing of medications to treat symptoms or slow the progression of the disease , and studying procedures such as stem cell therapy with the goal of repairing damage caused by the disease .
Agassi was the first male player to win all four Grand Slam tournaments on three different surfaces  ( hard , clay and grass )  , and the last American male to win both the French Open  ( in 1999 )  and the Australian Open  ( in 2003 )  .
IPT is based on the principle that relationships and life events impact mood and that the reverse is also true .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Born in Ladera Heights , California , he rose to prominence as the leader and co-founder of the alternative hip hop collective Odd Future and has rapped on and produced songs for nearly every Odd Future release .
It was released on 24 February 2017 independently through #Merky Records while being distributed by ADA of Warner Music Group .
It is also the capital city of the Eṛṛbaṭ-Sla-Qniṭra administrative region .
Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India , where she lived for most of her life .
Crash is a 2004 American ensemble drama film co-written , produced , and directed by Paul Haggis .
The company is headquartered in Lexington , Kentucky .
Cheyenne David Jackson  ( born July 12 , 1975 )  is an American actor and singer-songwriter .
Robert Browning  ( 7 May 1812 -- 12 December 1889 )  was an English poet and playwright whose mastery of the dramatic monologue made him one of the foremost Victorian poets .
Venus is a terrestrial planet and is sometimes called Earth 's `` sister planet '' because of their similar size , mass , proximity to the Sun , and bulk composition .
Three of his films ranked in the American Film Institute 's list of the top 100 comedy films of the past 100 years  ( 1900 -- 2000 )  , all of which ranked in the top 15 of the list : Blazing Saddles at number 6 , The Producers at number 11 , and Young Frankenstein at number 13 .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
He is the oldest living former President and Vice President .
It is a creole language based largely on 18th century French with influences from Portuguese , Spanish , English , Taíno , and West African languages .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
After the release of Korn 's 1994 self-titled debut album , the band asked Ross Robinson to produce and went back to Indigo Ranch to record .
He starred in the science fiction adventure film Explorers  ( 1985 )  , and had his first notable role in 1986 's Stand By Me , a coming-of-age film based on the novella The Body by Stephen King .
Sir Ben Kingsley  ( born Krishna Pandit Bhanji ; 31 December 1943 )  is an English actor with a career spanning over 40 years .
Nicknamed `` The Bambino '' and `` The Sultan of Swat '' , he began his MLB career as a stellar left-handed pitcher for the Boston Red Sox , but achieved his greatest fame as a slugging outfielder for the New York Yankees .
She appeared in her first commercial when she was three years old , and in her first film , Signs  ( 2002 )  , at the age of five .
A drama school , stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university ; or a free-standing institution  ( such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School )  ; which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts , such as acting , design and technical theatre , arts administration , and related subjects .
In 2012 , more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day , and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day .
Dominick John Dunne  ( October 29 , 1925 -- August 26 , 2009 )  was an American producer , writer and investigative journalist .
`` Try '' is a song recorded by American singer Pink , which she released as the second single from her sixth album , The Truth About Love  ( 2012 )  .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Matt Damon stars as an astronaut who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars .
His best-known buildings are the Royal Pavilion , Brighton , and Buckingham Palace  ( though the facade facing The Mall is an early 20th-century remodelling by Aston Webb of an 1850s wing by Edward Blore , and thus is not Nash 's work )  .
Linney made her Broadway debut in 1990 , before going on to receive Tony Award nominations for the 2002 revival of The Crucible , the original Broadway productions of Sight Unseen  ( 2004 )  and Time Stands Still  ( 2010 )  , as well as the 2017 revival of The Little Foxes .
Napoleon Bonaparte  (  [ nəˈpoʊliən ˈboʊnəpɑrt ]   [ napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt ]  ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 )  was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet .
From 1996 to 1998 , Yates is known to have murdered at least 13 women , all of whom were sex workers working on Spokane 's `` Skid Row '' on E. Sprague Avenue .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin ,  ( 16 April 1889 -- 25 December 1977 )  was an English comic actor , filmmaker , and composer who rose to fame during the era of silent film .
The disease usually begins in the lungs , skin , or lymph nodes .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
James Earl Carter Jr.  ( born October 1 , 1924 )  is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Stephen John Coogan  ( born 14 October 1965 )  is an Irish-English actor , stand-up comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
Papua New Guinea  ( PNG ;  [ ˈpæpuə njuː ˈgɪniː ,   ˈpɑː - ,   - pju - ]  ,  [ ˈpæpjuə ,   pɑːˈpuːə ]  Papua Niugini Hiri Motu : Papua Niu Gini )  , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia , a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia .
`` Live Your Life '' is a song by American rapper T.I. , from his sixth studio album , Paper Trail  ( 2008 )  , and features Barbadian singer Rihanna .
The film is directed by James Mangold and stars Meg Ryan , Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
As well , he drew the DC Comics newspaper comic strip The World 's Greatest Superheroes from 1978 -- 1982 .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
The Chainsmokers are an American DJ/producer duo consisting of Andrew Taggart and Alex Pall .
It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman .
His breakthrough film was the sword-and-sorcery epic Conan the Barbarian in 1982 , a box office hit that resulted in a sequel .
Limbu is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in Nepal , India Darjeeling , Kalimpong , Sikkim , Assam , and Nagaland )  , Bhutan , Burma , Thailand , the United Kingdom , Hong Kong , Canada , and the USA .
He has portrayed Crashdown in Battlestar Galactica , Davis Bloome in Smallville , and vampire Aidan Waite of the US/Canadian remake of BBC 's supernatural drama series Being Human on Syfy in the US and Space in Canada .
He received the National Medal of Arts in 2005 .
In 2014 La La reprised her role as Sonia in the film Think Like a Man Too and in 2015 appeared in November Rule and Destined .
Havoc is a 2005 crime drama film starring Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips , with Shiri Appleby , Freddy Rodriguez , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Michael Biehn , and Laura San Giacomo appearing in supporting roles .
He was elected Labour Party leader in July 1994 , following the sudden death of his predecessor , John Smith , who together with his predecessor , Neil Kinnock , had started to move the party closer to the political centre , in the hope of winning power .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Naproxen  ( brand names : Aleve , Naprosyn , and many others )  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug  ( NSAID )  of the propionic acid class  ( the same class as ibuprofen )  that relieves pain , fever , swelling , and stiffness .
Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend .
O'Neal trained as an amateur boxer before beginning his career in acting in 1960 .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
Indian was selected by India as its entry for the Best Foreign Language Film for the Academy Awards in 1996 , but was not nominated .
Judy Garland  ( born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 -- June 22 , 1969 )  was an American singer , actress , and vaudevillian .
The film features Patricia Clarkson , Jenna Elfman , Bryan Greenberg , Nolan Gould , Richard Jenkins , and Woody Harrelson in supporting roles .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
From 2009 to 2012 , Yelp expanded throughout Europe and Asia .
She studied at Warsaw 's clandestine Floating University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
Joy is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film , written and directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence as Joy Mangano , about whom the story is loosely based as a self-made millionaire who created her own business empire .
As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate .
Mary Elizabeth `` Tipper '' Gore  ( née Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 )  is an author , photographer , and social issues advocate who was Second Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the wife of Al Gore , the 45th Vice President of the United States , from whom she is currently separated .
She is known for her roles in the 1980s films Ferris Bueller 's Day Off  ( 1986 )  and Dirty Dancing  ( 1987 )  , for which Grey earned a Golden Globe Award nomination .
He pitched the film to Pixar after the box office disappointment of his first feature , The Iron Giant  ( 1999 )  , and carried over much of its staff to develop The Incredibles .
She first gained fame for her teen role as Tamera Campbell on the ABC/WB sitcom Sister , Sister  ( opposite her identical twin sister Tia Mowry )  .
`` Believe '' is a song recorded by American singer-actress Cher .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
From 1998 to 2002 , she was co-producer of the television game show Hollywood Squares .
Adam Keefe Horovitz  ( born October 31 , 1966 )  , better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock , is an American musician , guitarist , rapper , producer , and actor .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
Throughout his career , Ludacris has won Screen Actors Guild , Critic 's Choice , MTV , and Grammy Awards .
`` Born This Way '' is a song by American singer Lady Gaga , and the lead single from her second studio album of the same name .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
The song was co-written by Cyrus , Antonina Armato and Tim James , and produced by John Fields .
He is known for playing a semifictional version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld , which he created and wrote with Larry David .
The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem , where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games , a televised annual event in which the `` tributes '' are required to fight to the death until there is only one survivor .
Thomas Ruggles Pynchon , Jr.  (  [ ˈpɪnˌtʃɒn ]  , commonly  [ ˈpɪntʃən ]  born May 8 , 1937 )  is an American novelist .
Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision .
Caitlyn Marie Jenner  ( born October 28 , 1949 )  , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Colin Luther Powell  (  [ ˈkoʊlᵻn ]  born April 5 , 1937 )  is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Caroline Blakiston  ( born 13 February 1933 )  is an English actress .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
Pan Am is an American period drama television series created by writer Jack Orman .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
Felicity Kendall Huffman  ( born December 9 , 1962 )  is an American film , stage , and television actress .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
Oswald shot and killed Kennedy as the President traveled by motorcade through Dealey Plaza in the city of Dallas , Texas .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The film was originally shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest and later at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival .
The Lamniformes  ( from the Greek word , Lamna `` fish of prey '' )  are an order of sharks commonly known as mackerel sharks  ( which may also refer specifically to the family Lamnidae )  .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
It developed into a brand encompassing a range of four-wheel-drive models , including the Defender , Discovery , Freelander , Range Rover , Range Rover Sport , and Range Rover Evoque .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 .
Baloo  ( भालू Bhālū , `` bear '' )  is a main fictional character featured in Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book from 1894 and The Second Jungle Book from 1895 .
Robbie Collin is a British film critic .
He is the writer and director of the 2008 comedy Baby Mama starring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler .
In the 16th century she became a symbol of the Catholic League , and in 1803 she was declared a national symbol of France by the decision of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
A member of the Democratic Party , he served as the Governor of Georgia prior to his election as president .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
It is the third novel to feature Hercule Poirot as the lead detective .
It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Such country music legends as Hank Williams , Patsy Cline , Marty Robbins , Roy Acuff , the Carter family , Bill Monroe , Ernest Tubb , Kitty Wells and Minnie Pearl became regulars on the Opry 's stage .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north , Maharashtra to the south , Madhya Pradesh to the east , and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west .
Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas .
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs of a major male superhero , and predates the introduction of Superman 's female cousin Supergirl  ( also created by Otto Binder )  by more than a decade .
She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom  ( 1995 )  along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
Goat Island is connected to the U.S. mainland by two bridges carrying foot , car , and trackless train traffic , and to the smaller Luna Island  ( adjacent to the American Falls )  by a pedestrian bridge .
The film stars Seth Rogen , Zac Efron , Rose Byrne , Dave Franco and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
She is known for her work in television comedy , including Saturday Night Live  ( 1982 -- 85 )  , Seinfeld  ( 1989 -- 98 )  , The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , and Veep  ( 2012 -- present )  .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
Dylan has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Minnesota Music Hall of Fame , Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame , and Songwriters Hall of Fame .
Jacqueline Lee Kennedy Onassis  ( née Bouvier ;  [ ˈbuːvieɪ ]  July 28 , 1929 -- May 19 , 1994 )  was the wife of the 35th President of the United States , John F. Kennedy , and First Lady of the United States from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American aerospace manufacturer based in Southern California .
It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman .
Andhra Pradesh  (  [ , ahndr@ pr@'dEsh ]  )  is one of the 29 states of India , situated on the southeastern coast of the country .
Eric Lynn Wright  ( September 7 , 1964March 26 , 1995 )  , better known by his stage name Eazy-E , was an American rapper who performed solo and in the hip hop group N.W.A. Wright is affectionately called `` The Godfather of Gangsta rap '' .
Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and produced by M. S. Reddy .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
In 2007 , Simpson was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with felonies including armed robbery and kidnapping .
His other film roles include Francisco Scaramanga in the James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun  ( 1974 )  , Saruman in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy  ( 2001 -- 2003 )  and The Hobbit film trilogy  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , and Count Dooku in the second and third films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 2002 and 2005 )  .
George Walker Bush  ( born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 .
He collaborated with some of film history 's most accomplished directors , including Robert Wise , Howard Hawks , Otto Preminger , Joe Dante , Richard Donner , Roman Polanski , Ridley Scott , Michael Winner , Steven Spielberg , Paul Verhoeven , and Franklin J. Schaffner .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
On returning to the United States , he criticized the education system in works such as The American High School Today  ( 1959 )  , Slums and Suburbs  ( 1961 )  and The Education of American Teachers  ( 1963 )  .
Amsterdam has a population of 851,373 within the city proper , 1,351,587 in the urban area , and 2,410,960 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area .
Paul Mantee  ( January 9 , 1931 -- November 7 , 2013 )  was an American film and television actor .
She is also known as the voice of Jessie in the Toy Story franchise .
Thailand  (  [ ˈtaɪlænd ]  or  [ ˈtaɪlənd ]  ;  [ : wikt : ประเทศไทย , ประเทศไทย ]  , ,  [ pra.tʰêːt tʰaj ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Thailand  (  [ : wikt : ราชอาณาจักรไทย , ราชอาณาจักรไทย ]  ,  [ râːt.t͡ɕʰa.ʔaː.naː.t͡ɕàk tʰaj ]  )  , formerly known as Siam  (  [ : wikt : สยาม , สยาม ]  ,  [ sa.jǎːm ]  )  , is a country at the centre of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
Attack the Block is a 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring Jodie Whittaker , John Boyega , Nick Frost and Luke Treadaway .
She played Barbara `` Bobbi '' Morse on the ABC series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  ( 2014 -- 2016 )  .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Madhavan soon developed an image as a romantic hero with notable roles in two of 2001 's highest grossing Tamil films , Gautham Menon 's directorial debut Minnale and Madras Talkies ' Dumm Dumm Dumm .
Lightning rods are also called finials , air terminals or strike termination devices .
Anton Viktorovich Yelchin  ( Анто́н Ви́кторович Ельчи́н March 11 , 1989 -- June 19 , 2016 )  was an American actor .
By April 1997 he had already won his first major , the 1997 Masters .
On television , her best known roles include Kitty Sanchez on Arrested Development , Ingrid Nelson/Fatty Magoo on It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , Trixie on Californication , and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer .
Other notable roles include her portrayal of the title character in the true crime drama Amanda Knox : Murder on Trial in Italy and Kirby Reed in the slasher film Scream 4 .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
George Edward Foreman  ( born January 10 , 1949 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1969 to 1977 , and from 1987 to 1997 .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
From 1999 to 2002 , Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans on the television series Roswell .
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University , in California .
The region is traditionally described as eight counties , based on demographics and economic ties : Imperial , Los Angeles , Orange , Riverside , San Bernardino , San Diego , Santa Barbara , and Ventura .
`` Timber '' is a song by American rapper Pitbull featuring American recording artist Kesha .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Patrick Joseph Wilson  ( born July 3 , 1973 )  is an American actor and singer .
Currently signed to WWE on a part-time contract , Johnson gained mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation  ( WWF , now WWE )  from 1996 to 2004 as a major figure in the company 's Attitude Era , and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history .
It depicts the adventures of various characters `` a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away '' .
The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 American drama film directed , produced , and co-written by George Roy Hill .
His work has had a considerable influence on mathematics , logic , set theory , linguistics , artificial intelligence , cognitive science , computer science  ( see type theory and type system )  , and philosophy , especially the philosophy of language , epistemology , and metaphysics .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens , a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 .
Melanie Richards Griffith  ( born August 9 , 1957 )  is an American actress .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
David Tennant  ( born David John McDonald ; 18 April 1971 )  is a Scottish actor and voice actor .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
Adrian Molina  ( born August 23 , 1985 )  is an American screenwriter and storyboard artist .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Rajon Pierre Rondo  ( born February 22 , 1986 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
It was co-founded by filmmaker Grigorij Richters , B612 Foundation COO Danica Remy , Apollo 9 astronaut Rusty Schweickart and Brian May , Queen guitarist and astrophysicist .
The single eventually earned gold certifications in countries including Australia , Belgium , Sweden and the US .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Tyra Lynne Banks  ( born December 4 , 1973 )  is an American television personality , producer , businesswoman , actress , author , former model and occasional singer .
Elizabeth II  ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 )  has been Queen of the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and New Zealand since 6 February 1952 .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
The production company makes TV shows like truTV 's Billy on the Street , Comedy Central 's @midnight , and Zach Galifianakis 's popular Emmy-winning web series Between Two Ferns .
It is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere , and the sixth-tallest in the world .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
Cher  (  [ ˈʃɛər ]  born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 )  is an American singer and actress .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
Chester Charles Bennington  ( born March 20 , 1976 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made , and it remained the highest-grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011 .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr.  ( also shortened to Indy )  is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise .
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film directed by Pawel Pawlikowski and co-written by Pawlikowski and Michael Wynne .
`` California Gurls '' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album , Teenage Dream  ( 2010 )  .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
His fourth studio album Purpose was released in November 2015 , spawning three number one singles : `` What Do You Mean ? ''
It includes the major cities of Boston , Providence , Hartford , New York City , Philadelphia , Baltimore , and Washington , D.C. , along with their metropolitan areas and suburbs as well as many smaller urban centers .
Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
For her portrayal of the French singer Édith Piaf in the biopic La Vie en Rose  ( 2007 )  , Cotillard achieved worldwide recognition and won her second César Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Lumières Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress , becoming the first and  ( as of 2017 )  only actor to win an Academy Award for a performance in French , and also the second actress and one of only six actors to have won this award for a part spoken in a foreign language .
Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson  ( born 5 April 1989 )  , known as Lily James , is an English actress .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 during the eighth series of the UK version of The X Factor .
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
In 2013 , he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and in 2016 reprised his role in Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
The Lion King tells the story of Simba , a young lion who is to succeed his father , Mufasa , as King of the Pride Lands ; however , after Simba 's uncle Scar murders Mufasa , Simba is manipulated into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile .
Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor , but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
A red , flat rash which usually starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body typically begins three to five days after the start of symptoms .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
David Lawrence Schwimmer  ( born November 2 , 1966 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Paul Labile Pogba  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team .
Richard St John Harris  ( 1 October 1930 -- 25 October 2002 )  was an Irish actor and singer .
Gemma Christina Arterton  ( born 2 February 1986 )  is an English actress .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
In addition to his solo commercial success , Brown has been featured on several singles such as `` No Air '' , a duet with singer Jordin Sparks , `` Shortie like Mine '' with the rapper Bow Wow and `` Shawty Get Loose '' alongside Lil Mama and T-Pain .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
The country is host to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and five international courts : the Permanent Court of Arbitration , the International Court of Justice , the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Criminal Court and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
The brown bear  ( Ursus arctos )  is a large bear with the widest distribution of any living ursid .
Production for the album took place during 2002 to 2003 and was handled by Winehouse , Salaam Remi , Gordon `` Commissioner Gordon '' Williams , Jimmy Hogarth and Matt Rowe .
She also portrayed Veronica Palmer on the ABC television sitcom Better Off Ted , and Olivia Lord on the television drama Nip/Tuck .
His other works contributed include The Crazies , Creepshow , Martin , Monkey Shines , and The Dark Half .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Robert Chase , MBBS is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama House .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
The cast also includes Margot Kidder , Bo Svenson , Edward Herrmann and Susan Sarandon .
Sir Robert Bryson Hall II  ( born January 22 , 1990 )  , known by his stage name Logic , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
She was born in Skopje  ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia )  , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
Benjamin Geza Affleck-Boldt  ( born August 15 , 1972 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He garnered a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for portraying an avenger in the crime thriller Badlapur  ( 2015 )  .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
Arnold Vinick is a fictional character on the television series The West Wing played by Alan Alda .
The film was directed by Mike Mitchell and co-directed by Walt Dohrn , written by Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger and based on a story by Erica Rivinoja .
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
Klute is a 1971 American neo-noir crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula , written by Andy and Dave Lewis , and starring Jane Fonda , Donald Sutherland , Charles Cioffi , and Roy Scheider .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Both the Duke of Kent and King George III died in 1820 , and Victoria was raised under close supervision by her German-born mother Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld .
Albany  (  [ ˈɔːlbəni ]  )  is the capital of the U.S. state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
His debut album , Rappa Ternt Sanga , was released in 2005 .
Asset management , broadly defined , refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
He is currently playing a District Attorney named Blake Tower in the Marvel 's series Daredevil .
During his career , McGregor has competed as a featherweight , lightweight , and welterweight .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
Later , it was remixed by Rock Mafia and released on August 25 , 2008 by Hollywood Records , as the second single from Cyrus ' second studio album , Breakout  ( 2008 )  .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
Evans also portrayed the vampire Dracula in the character 's film origin story , Dracula Untold .
He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows ; since 2010 he has hosted Conan on the cable channel TBS .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
`` Thinkin Bout You '' is a song by American singer Frank Ocean , released as the lead single from his debut studio album Channel Orange  ( 2012 )  .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
It was founded in 1991 by Linda Wells .
A hate group is a social group that advocates and practices hatred , hostility , or violence towards members of a race , ethnicity , nation , religion , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society .
Betty Lynn Buckley  ( born July 3 , 1947 )  is an American stage , film and television actress , and singer .
Sofia Carmina Coppola  (  [ ˈkoʊpələ ]  ; born May 14 , 1971 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer and actress .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish -- American War , raised protective tariffs to promote American industry , and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals .
Despicable Me is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 , 2010 in the United States .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
It was first published on August 1 , 1996 .
Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites .
Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Rūmī , also known as Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Balkhī , Mevlânâ / Mawlānā  ( مولانا , `` our master '' )  , Mevlevî / Mawlawī  ( مولوی , `` my master '' )  , and more popularly simply as Rumi  ( 30 September 1207 -- 17 December 1273 )  , was a 13th-century Persian Sunni Muslim poet , jurist , Islamic scholar , theologian , and Sufi mystic .
Since this time , Bradford has emerged as a tourist destination , becoming the first UNESCO City of Film with attractions such as the National Science and Media Museum , Bradford City Park , the Alhambra theatre and Cartwright Hall .
After they formed under the name Pectoralz , Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
Joan Crawford  ( born Lucille Fay LeSueur ; March 23 , c. 1904 -- May 10 , 1977 )  was an American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
Kumkum Bhagya  ( English : Vermillion In My Fate )  is a Hindi-language Indian soap opera which premiered on 15 April 2014 .
Belgium  (  [ ˈbɛldʒəm ]  België  [ ˈbɛlɣijə ]  ; Belgique  [ bɛlʒik ]  ; Belgien  [ ˈbɛlɡi̯ən ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea .
Tender Mercies is a 1983 American drama film directed by Bruce Beresford .
Catheters can be placed in veins in the neck  ( internal jugular vein )  , chest  ( subclavian vein or axillary vein )  , groin  ( femoral vein )  , or through veins in the arms  ( also known as a PICC line , or peripherally inserted central catheters )  .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
William Shatner  ( born March 22 , 1931 )  is a Canadian actor , author , producer , and director .
Christopher Michael Pratt  ( born June 21 , 1979 )  is an American actor .
Blending psychological horror with film noir , the film stars Kyle MacLachlan , Isabella Rossellini , Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield .
Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife .
The song was produced by RedOne and co-written by RedOne , Gaga and Akon , while also featuring labelmate Colby O'Donis .
Founded in 2010 by Robert James Russell and Jeff Pfaller , Midwestern Gothic publishes both fiction , essays and poetry .
Dirt  ( styled d!rt for logos )  is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network .
She then ventured into film , appearing in 50 First Dates  ( 2004 )  and A Prairie Home Companion  ( 2006 )  .
Distributed by Summit Entertainment and Lionsgate Films , the series consists of four science fiction films set in a dystopian society .
Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero black comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita , Jr. .
Spain  ( España  [ esˈpaɲa ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Spain  (  [ Reino de España , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe , with two large archipelagoes , the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast , two cities Ceuta and Melilla in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast .
Doctor Zhivago  ( До́ктор Жива́го , Doktor Zhivago  [ ˈdoktər ʐɨˈvaɡə ]  )  is a novel by Boris Pasternak , first published in 1957 in Italy .
Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .
She appeared in a Buick Super Bowl commercial during Super Bowl 50 .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
Christopher Maurice `` Chris '' Brown  ( born May 5 , 1989 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and dancer .
Belgium  (  [ ˈbɛldʒəm ]  België  [ ˈbɛlɣijə ]  ; Belgique  [ bɛlʒik ]  ; Belgien  [ ˈbɛlɡi̯ən ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea .
It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
He attended the Actors Studio , made his first television appearance in 1954 , and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause  ( 1955 )  and Giant  ( 1956 )  .
The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award  ( MVP )  is an annual Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  award , given to one outstanding player in the American League and one in the National League .
Time magazine chose the book as one of the 100 best English-language novels  ( 1923 to 2005 )  ; it also featured at number 31 on the Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels .
Because he had originally agreed not to run for a second term in Congress , and because his opposition to the Mexican -- American War was unpopular among Illinois voters , Lincoln returned to Springfield and resumed his successful law practice .
Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. .
Slovakia is also a member of the Schengen Area , NATO , the United Nations , the OECD , the WTO , CERN , the OSCE , the Council of Europe and the Visegrád Group .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Puerto Rico  ( Spanish for `` Rich Port '' )  , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  ( Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' )  and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .
Carpenter began recording the album in 2015 after releasing her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
Supernatural is an American fantasy horror television series created by Eric Kripke .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
War Dogs is a 2016 American biographical black comedy-drama film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Phillips , Jason Smilovic and Stephen Chin , based on a Rolling Stone article by Guy Lawson .
Central America  ( América Central or Centroamérica )  is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
Adrien Jerome Broner  ( born July 28 , 1989 )  is an American professional boxer .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards at the 68th Academy Awards and won five : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Cinematography , Best Makeup , and Best Sound Editing .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
The 1980s Lakers were nicknamed `` Showtime '' due to their Magic Johnson-led fast break-offense , and won five championships in a 9-year span , including their first ever Finals championship against the Celtics in 1985 .
In response to the invasion , Carter ended détente , escalated the Cold War , and led the international boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Born and raised in Tennessee , he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom that aired from January 11 , 1995 , to May 20 , 1999 , on The WB Television Network .
Thomas grew up in Savannah , Georgia , and was educated at the College of the Holy Cross and at Yale Law School .
The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show , So Random !
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
He is known for playing Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number .
Interpersonal psychotherapy  ( IPT )  is a brief , attachment-focused psychotherapy that centers on resolving interpersonal problems and symptomatic recovery .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
Asteroid Day  ( also known as International Asteroid Day )  is an annual global event that aims to raise awareness about asteroids and what can be done to protect the Earth , its families , communities , and future generations .
Major League Soccer  ( MLS )  is a men 's professional soccer league , sanctioned by U.S. Soccer , that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada .
To the south it borders and merges into the Arabian Desert .
It stars Ryan Gosling , Bradley Cooper , Eva Mendes , Emory Cohen and Dane DeHaan , with Ben Mendelsohn , Rose Byrne , Mahershala Ali , Bruce Greenwood , Harris Yulin , and Ray Liotta in supporting roles .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
Since the show 's inception in 1963 , the character has been portrayed by twelve lead actors .
A mole is a massive structure , usually of stone , used as a pier , breakwater , or a causeway between places separated by water .
After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest .
He is considered to have been a central figure of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
Angell won multiple Emmy Awards as the creator and executive producer , along with Peter Casey and David Lee , of the comedy series Frasier .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 2010 American slasher film directed by Samuel Bayer and written by Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer as a remake of Wes Craven 's 1984 film of the same name , which revolves around a group of teenagers who are being stalked in their dreams by an enigmatic man named Freddy Krueger .
It was broadcast on Sunday at 9:00 pm in the United States , consisting of 10 episodes , each running approximately 50 -- 60 minutes .
Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
The film stars Katherine Heigl , Rosario Dawson , Geoff Stults , Isabella Rice and Cheryl Ladd , and follows a divorcée who begins to torment the new fiancé of her ex-husband .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
The series focused on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from May 17 , 1976 , to December 31 , 1979 .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino .
Karan Johar  ( born 25 May 1972 )  , often informally referred to as KJo , is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter , costume designer , actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films .
Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin ,  ( 16 April 1889 -- 25 December 1977 )  was an English comic actor , filmmaker , and composer who rose to fame during the era of silent film .
War of the Worlds is a 2005 American science fiction disaster film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp , loosely based on the novel of the same title by H. G. Wells .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
It is the home of seven private and two public schools .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
Paquin went on to become a successful child actress , receiving multiple Young Artist Award nominations for her roles in Fly Away Home  ( 1996 )  , The Member of the Wedding  ( 1997 )  , and A Walk on the Moon  ( 1999 )  , and was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture for appearing in Cameron Crowe 's comedy-drama film Almost Famous  ( 2000 )  .
Demi Gene Guynes  (  [ dəˈmiː ]  ; born November 11 , 1962 )  , professionally known as Demi Moore , is an American actress , former songwriter , and model .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
A former U.S. Navy SEAL and special warfare operator , O'Neill is best known for claiming to have fired the head shots that killed Osama bin Laden during the raid on his Abbottabad compound on May 1 , 2011 .
, Alonso is the only Spanish driver to have won a Formula One Grand Prix and is the driver with the sixth highest number of Grand Prix wins , with .
Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner , and he works to free his father from service to Davy Jones .
Down syndrome  ( DS or DNS )  , also known as trisomy 21 , is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21 .
The anime series began airing in the United States and Canada in 2005 , and in the United Kingdom and Australia in 2006 and 2007 , respectively .
Kristen Jaymes Stewart  ( born )  is an American actress and model .
He has been the team president of the Miami Heat since 1995 and head coach in two separate tenures  ( 1995 through 2003 , and 2005 through 2008 )  .
It was first released on August 27 , 2002 , by Immortal Records and distributed by Virgin Records .
He has been married to Victoria Beckham since 1999 and they have four children .
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
The song also attained top ten placements in twelve other countries , reaching the top five in Australia , Canada , the Netherlands , New Zealand and the United Kingdom .
Maya Khabira Rudolph  ( born July 27 , 1972 )  is an American actress , comedian , and singer .
Lymph nodes are major sites of B and T lymphocytes , and other white blood cells .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
Common side effects include : constipation , itchiness and nausea , among others .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of China .
It commemorates Major General Benedict Arnold 's service at the Battles of Saratoga in the Continental Army , but contrives not to name him .
The Second Punic War , also referred to as The Hannibalic War and  ( by the Romans )  the War Against Hannibal , lasted from 218 to 201 BC and involved combatants in the western and eastern Mediterranean .
Braveheart is a 1995 American epic war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson .
Norovirus , sometimes referred to as the winter vomiting bug in the UK and Ireland , is the most common cause of viral gastroenteritis in humans .
He has been at Pixar since 2007 , where he started as a 2D animator on Ratatouille .
Despite receiving generally negative reviews from critics , the five films have grossed a total of $ 539 million , against a combined budget of $ 212 million .
He is best known for playing Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars film series .
Marta Fran Kauffman  ( born September 21 , 1956 )  is an American writer and TV producer , best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom Friends , alongside David Crane .
The film features Vijay , Surya , Kausalya and Simran in lead roles .
Ser Gregor Clegane is a huge knight and the elder brother of Sandor Clegane .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
These fears can be triggered by perceived or actual scrutiny from others .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
Common cosmetics include lipstick , mascara , eye shadow , foundation , rouge , skin cleansers and skin lotions , shampoo , hairstyling products  ( gel , hair spray , etc. )  , perfume and cologne .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He has appeared in a number of films in the 1990s , including the sports film Rudy  ( 1993 )  , the sci-fi adventure dinosaur film The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , and the drama-thriller Return to Paradise  ( 1998 )  .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
Timberlake voiced the lead character in DreamWorks Animation 's Trolls  ( 2016 )  , which soundtrack includes his fifth Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping single , `` Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! ''
John Gavin Malkovich  ( born December 9 , 1953 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
The lead single , `` Nobody Love '' , was released in the spring and became her first US Billboard Hot 100 appearance .
Mickey Charles Mantle  ( October 20 , 1931 -- August 13 , 1995 )  , nicknamed The Commerce Comet and The Mick , was an American professional baseball player .
WeChat is a Chinese social media  ( instant messaging , commerce and payment services )  application developed by Tencent .
The film is a love story between Bobby  ( Pacino )  , a young addict and small-time hustler , and Helen  ( Kitty Winn )  , a restless woman whom finds Bobby charismatic .
At age 26 , he began his first military campaign against the Austrians and their Italian allies -- winning virtually every battle , conquering the Italian Peninsula in a year , and becoming a national hero .
As described by Goodreads : `` Yardie is , quite simply , a literary sensation in England .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
A high school athlete , Welling initially worked in construction and , in 1998 , he successfully modeled men 's clothing for several popular brands .
Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks .
The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries .
Equidae  ( sometimes known as the horse family )  is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils .
Intimacy is a 2001 British film directed by Patrice Chéreau , starring Mark Rylance and Kerry Fox .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
is a Japanese book and video game publisher headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
Waters became the band 's primary lyricist and conceptual leader , devising the concepts behind their albums The Dark Side of the Moon  ( 1973 )  , Wish You Were Here  ( 1975 )  , Animals  ( 1977 )  , The Wall  ( 1979 )  and The Final Cut  ( 1983 )  .
Measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus .
It is home to several professional sports franchises , including the Winnipeg Blue Bombers  ( Canadian football )  , the Winnipeg Jets  ( ice hockey )  , Manitoba Moose  ( ice hockey )  and the Winnipeg Goldeyes  ( baseball )  .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
More than 11,000 athletes from 205 National Olympic Committees , including first time entrants Kosovo , South Sudan , and the Refugee Olympic Team , took part .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
The film stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds , Betty White , Mary Steenburgen and Craig T. Nelson .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
In Islamic theology , God  (  [ الله , translit = Allah , Allāh ]  )  is the all-powerful and all-knowing creator , sustainer , ordainer and judge of everything in existence .
He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers  ( 1997 )  and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King  ( 1999 )  .
His other works contributed include The Crazies , Creepshow , Martin , Monkey Shines , and The Dark Half .
Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque .
In addition to Washington , the film also stars Viola Davis , Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby , Mykelti Williamson and Saniyya Sidney .
He attended the Actors Studio , made his first television appearance in 1954 , and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause  ( 1955 )  and Giant  ( 1956 )  .
The second season of the South Korean reality television competition show K-pop Star premiered on SBS on November 18 , 2012 , airing Sunday evenings at 4:55 pm KST as part of the Good Sunday lineup .
Champion is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film based on a short story by Ring Lardner .
Turn : Washington 's Spies was renewed for a second 10-episode season on June 23 , 2014 , which premiered on April 13 , 2015 , and for a third 10-episode season on July 15 , 2015 , which premiered on April 25 , 2016 .
She played the younger version of the female lead in the 2014 film The Best of Me and starred in the 2010 films , Trust and The Last Sin Eater .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London .
Unlike many other football clubs , the supporters own and operate Barcelona .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations , the organization was established on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramírez , known as Richard Ramirez  ( February 29 , 1960 -- June 7 , 2013 )  , was an American serial killer , rapist , and burglar .
Music Bank is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2 .
It premiered on The WB on September 13 , 2005 , and was written by series creator Eric Kripke and directed by David Nutter .
One More Light is the seventh studio album by American rock band Linkin Park .
The Dakota , also known as Dakota Apartments , is a cooperative apartment building located on the northwest corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City , United States .
The show returned to The '90s Are All That for one night , and aired on March 21 , 2013 .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
Major League Soccer  ( MLS )  is a men 's professional soccer league , sanctioned by U.S. Soccer , that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees .
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit , composed of hundreds to thousands of individual flowers , and it is the fleshy petals that are eaten .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
He has been host of The Marc Maron Show and co-host of both Morning Sedition and Breakroom Live , all politically oriented shows produced by Air America Media .
`` 7 Things '' is a song by American singer-songwriter and actress Miley Cyrus .
The story revolves around Agent 47 , a professional hitman , who was engineered to be an assassin by the group known as `` The Organization '' .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
An extreme environment contains conditions that are hard to survive for most known life forms .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
He currently stars in the ABC political drama Scandal .
He occasionally sang lead vocals , usually for one song on an album , including `` With a Little Help from My Friends '' , `` Yellow Submarine '' and their cover of `` Act Naturally '' .
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several television shows , including Doggy Fizzle Televizzle , Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood , and Dogg After Dark .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
Justified is an American crime drama television series that premiered on March 16 , 2010 , on the FX network .
The miniseries was written by Richard Price and Steven Zaillian and directed by Zaillian and James Marsh .
She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
Alani Nicole `` La La '' Anthony  ( née Vázquez ; born June 25 , 1979 )  is a television personality , New York Times best-selling author , business woman , producer and actress .
By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she has a five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .
Malala Yousafzai  ( Malālah Yūsafzay :  [ ; ملاله یوسفزۍ  [ məˈlaːlə jusəf ˈzəj ]  born 12 July 1997 )  is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
It premiered on July 24 , 2007 , on FX , and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010 , airing for two further seasons and concluding in 2012 .
Risk factors for reactivation include old age , poor immune function , and having had chickenpox before 18 months of age .
A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Characterized by his nasal , sometimes baritone singing , Love has been one of the band 's vocalists and lyricists for most of their career , contributing to each of their studio albums .
The film grossed a total of $ 402.1 million in the US and Canada and $ 434.2 million in other territories , for a total of $ 836.3 million worldwide .
Two years later , he left the music industry , retired from public life and strictly guarded his own privacy until his death in 2006 .
Modern American liberalism is the dominant version of liberalism in the United States .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the ninth highest ranking in the Human Development Index .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
In later times , Athena was syncretized with the Roman goddess Minerva .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
He directs , produces and appears in graphic , short , horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
In the 2000s , Cruise starred in a number of successful films , including the science fiction thrillers Vanilla Sky  ( 2001 )  and Minority Report  ( 2002 )  , the epic war film The Last Samurai  ( 2003 )  , the crime film Collateral  ( 2004 )  , the science fiction disaster thriller War of the Worlds  ( 2005 )  , and the historical thriller Valkyrie  ( 2008 )  .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
The series premiered on September 23 , 2009 , and the eighth season premiered on September 21 , 2016 .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Nerruku Ner  ( Face to Face )  is a 1997 Tamil dramatic thriller film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
He appeared in several major film roles in the 1990s following Sling Blade , including Oliver Stone 's neo-noir U Turn  ( 1997 )  , political drama Primary Colors  ( 1998 )  , science fiction disaster film Armageddon  ( 1998 )  , which was the highest-grossing film of that year , and the crime drama A Simple Plan  ( 1998 )  , which earned him his third Academy Awards nomination .
He is the son of former Chechen President Akhmad Kadyrov , who was assassinated in May 2004 .
She portrayed Annie Edison in the NBC/Yahoo !
The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn , who produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman .
Thomas Baptiste Morello  ( born May 30 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , actor and political activist .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
Li Lianjie  ( born 26 April 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese film actor , film producer , martial artist , and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing .
Robert Rihmeek Williams  ( born May 6 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Meek Mill , is an American hip hop recording artist .
Ellen Lee DeGeneres  (  [ dᵻˈdʒɛnərᵻs ]  born January 26 , 1958 )  is an American comedian , television host , actress , writer , and producer .
Coca is any of the four cultivated plants in the family Erythroxylaceae , native to western South America .
Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama and mystery series created by Marc Cherry , and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions .
Through his young adult years , Barbera lived , attended college , and began his career in New York City .
The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
She gained prominence as a contestant on the twenty-first cycle of the U.S. television series America 's Next Top Model , and is known for having a prominent form of the skin condition vitiligo .
Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
He is best known for writing the screenplay for the 2012 film Argo , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
The Dark Half is a 1993 American horror film adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same name .
Antwan André Patton  ( born February 1 , 1975 )  , better known by his stage name Big Boi , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and record producer , best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside André 3000 .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Jennifer Jason Leigh  ( born Jennifer Leigh Morrow on February 5 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
Garner married Ben Affleck in 2005 , with whom she has three children ; they separated in 2015 and filed for divorce in April 2017 .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
He emerged as the paramount leader of the Indian independence movement under the tutelage of Mahatma Gandhi and ruled India from its establishment as an independent nation in 1947 until his death in 1964 .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
However , it was a commercial success in Europe , reaching the top ten in numerous countries including Austria , Belgium , France , Italy , Spain and Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
She is known for her roles in the 1980s films Ferris Bueller 's Day Off  ( 1986 )  and Dirty Dancing  ( 1987 )  , for which Grey earned a Golden Globe Award nomination .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System  ( officially abbreviated the Super NES or SNES , and commonly shortened to Super Nintendo )  is a 16-bit home video game console developed by Nintendo that was released in 1990 in Japan and South Korea , 1991 in North America , 1992 in Europe and Australasia  ( Oceania )  , and 1993 in South America .
Christopher Maurice `` Chris '' Brown  ( born May 5 , 1989 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and dancer .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The first installment , Twilight , was released on November 21 , 2008 .
On the Road  ( Sur la route )  is a 2012 adventure drama film directed by Walter Salles .
The pilot episode was broadcast on May 19 , 2009 , and the first season aired from September 9 , 2009 , to June 8 , 2010 .
Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy  ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 6 , 1968 )  , commonly known by his initials RFK , was an American politician from Massachusetts .
He appeared in such films as the slasher Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The Next Generation  ( 1994 )  , the legal thriller A Time to Kill  ( 1996 )  , Steven Spielberg 's historical drama Amistad  ( 1997 )  , the science fiction drama Contact  ( 1997 )  , the comedy EDtv  ( 1999 )  , and the war film U-571  ( 2000 )  .
He is currently Togo 's all-time top goalscorer with 31 goals .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
Two years later , he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Jane Fonda  ( born Jayne Seymour Fonda ; December 21 , 1937 )  is an American actress , writer , political activist , former fashion model and fitness guru .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
On television , he is known for playing the title character on Doogie Howser , M.D.  ( 1989 -- 1993 )  , Barney Stinson on How I Met Your Mother  ( 2005 -- 2014 , for which he was nominated for four Emmy Awards )  , and Count Olaf on A Series of Unfortunate Events  ( 2017 onward )  .
During his career at Microsoft , Gates held the positions of chairman , CEO and chief software architect , while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014 .
Capra actually filmed the movie in 1941 because of star Cary Grant 's availability , but it was not released until 1944 , after the original stage version had finished its run on Broadway .
Charles I  ( 19 November 1600 -- 30 January 1649 )  was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
Gunday  ( English : Outlaws )  is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Aditya Chopra .
Born to actor Subhendu Chatterjee , Saswata Chatterjee began his career with a Hindi serial directed by Saibal Mitra , based on Samaresh Majumdar 's Kaalpurush .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Italian  (  [ itaˈljaːno ]  or lingua italiana  [ ˈliŋɡwa itaˈljaːna ]  )  is a Romance language .
While the brown bear 's range has shrunk and it has faced local extinctions , it remains listed as a least concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  ( IUCN )  with a total population of approximately 200,000 .
The first winner of the award was Englishman Jimmy Case .
It was released as the album 's second single on September 20 , 2011 through Walt Disney Records .
Marcus David Maron  (  [ ˈmærən ]  ; born September 27 , 1963 )  is an American stand-up comedian , podcaster , writer , actor , musician , director , and producer .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films , beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone  ( 2001 )  and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2  ( 2011 )  .
Evonne Goolagong Cawley AO , MBE  ( born 31 July 1951 )  is an Australian former World No. 1 tennis player .
Their traditional crest takes elements of the city coat of arms , which features two grey seahorses .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004 .
He first achieved mainstream recognition for his highly successful manga Dr. Slump , before going on to create Dragon Ball -- his best-known work -- and acting as a character designer for several popular video games such as the Dragon Quest series , Blue Dragon and Chrono Trigger .
She studied at Warsaw 's clandestine Floating University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw .
The plant is grown as a cash crop in Argentina , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru , even in areas where its cultivation is unlawful .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
It features Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha in the lead roles , along with Farhad as the antagonist in his Bollywood debut and Govinda in a special appearance .
The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
In Anthony 's freshman season , he led the Orangemen to their first and only National Championship and was named the NCAA Tournament 's Most Outstanding Player .
From 2006 to 2007 , Paulson played the role of Harriet Hayes in the NBC comedy-drama series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination .
As his father was absent and his mother struggled financially , he was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine .
Thomas Anthony DeSimone  ( May 24 , 1950 -- disappeared January 14 , 1979 )  , also known as Two-Gun Tommy or Tommy D , was a Sicilian-American gangster and associate of the Lucchese crime family in New York City .
John Davison Rockefeller Sr.  ( July 8 , 1839 -- May 23 , 1937 )  was an American oil industry business magnate and philanthropist .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Based on the concept of time-travel , the film stars actor Suriya in triple roles , with actresses Samantha Ruth Prabhu , Nithya Menen and Saranya Ponvannan in lead roles .
Born in Frankfurt , Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , Netherlands , having moved there with her family at the age of four-and-a-half when the Nazis gained control over Germany .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Cell division in this genus occurs along a single axis in these bacteria , thus they grow in chains or pairs , hence the name -- from Greek στρεπτός streptos , meaning easily bent or twisted , like a chain  ( twisted chain )  .
Samuel Leroy Jackson  ( born December 21 , 1948 )  is an American actor and film producer .
It was co-written by John Milius with narration written by Michael Herr .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
She has frequently collaborated with director Tim Burton ; in Planet of the Apes  ( 2001 )  , Big Fish  ( 2003 )  , Corpse Bride  ( 2005 )  , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory  ( 2005 )  , Mrs. Lovett in Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street  ( 2007 )  , Dark Shadows  ( 2012 )  , and playing the Red Queen in Alice in Wonderland  ( 2010 )  and its sequel Alice Through the Looking Glass  ( 2016 )  .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
From 1 May 1876 , she adopted the additional title of Empress of India .
The group consists of members Ally Brooke , Normani Kordei , Dinah Jane , Lauren Jauregui and previously , Camila Cabello , whose departure was announced on December 18 , 2016 .
The film was written and directed by George Nolfi , produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
The Workers ' Party of Korea  ( WPK )  , led by a member of the ruling family , holds power in the state and leads the Democratic Front for the Reunification of the Fatherland of which all political officers are required to be members .
The show featured the Duggar family : parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their nineteen children -- nine girls and ten boys , all of whose names begin with the letter `` J. '' During the life of the show , three children were born , three children were married and four grandchildren were born .
She had a recurring role as the young version of Chloe Goodwin in The Goodwin Games and starred as Maya Hart in the Disney Channel series Girl Meets World .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Bell gained critical acclaim for her first major role as the title character in the teen noir drama television series Veronica Mars  ( 2004 -- 07 )  .
It is bordered by Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east .
She is best known for her roles in television dramas My Husband Got a Family  ( 2012 )  , Jang Bo-ri is Here !
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
He has won an Oscar , Grammy , BAFTA , two Golden Globes , and a Screen Actors Guild Award .
Big Bang  ( Korean : 빅뱅 )  is a South Korean boy band formed by YG Entertainment .
Pablo Picasso  (  [ pɪˈkɑːsoʊ ,   - ˈkæsoʊ ]   [ ˈpaβlo piˈkaso ]  ; 25 October 1881 -- 8 April 1973 )  was a Spanish painter , sculptor , printmaker , ceramicist , stage designer , poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France .
Holiday : A Soldier Is Never Off Duty is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by A. R. Murugadoss , and produced by Vipul Shah .
Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy .
The domestic dog  ( Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris )  is a member of genus Canis  ( canines )  that forms part of the wolf-like canids , and is the most widely abundant carnivore .
Brian Michael Lynch  ( born June 21 , 1973 )  is an American film and comic book writer .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Her first published novel , Under the Net , was selected in 1998 as one of Modern Library 's 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century .
Catherine Elise Blanchett  (  [ ˈblæntʃət ]  born 14 May 1969 )  is an Australian actress and theatre director .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
In 2015 , Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization , .
Hearing loss , also known as hearing impairment , is a partial or total inability to hear .
A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth-best American rock band in history .
In 1798 , he led a military expedition to Egypt that served as a springboard to political power .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Charles II  ( 29 May 1630 -- 6 February 1685 )  was king of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Nelson has acted in over 30 films , co-authored several books , and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of China .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
Big Bang  ( Korean : 빅뱅 )  is a South Korean boy band formed by YG Entertainment .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
It stars Christopher Walken , Denis Leary , Sean Patrick Flanery , Johnny Galecki , Jay Mohr , Jeremy Sisto and Henry Thomas .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
In addition , he framed shots to maximise anxiety , fear , or empathy , and used innovative forms of film editing .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
Timothy Olyphant portrays Raylan Givens , a tough deputy U.S. Marshal enforcing his own brand of justice in his hometown of Harlan , Kentucky .
Yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young , and BoA returned as judges .
Alexander Hamilton  ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757July 12 , 1804 )  was an American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
`` Give Me Everything '' is a song written and performed by American rapper Pitbull , American R&B singer Ne-Yo , and Dutch DJ Afrojack , featuring additional vocals from American singer Nayer .
For her performance in the 1991 film Rambling Rose , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress , while for her performance in the 2014 film Wild , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Throughout her career , Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide , making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The films take place in the fictional world of Middle-earth sixty years before the beginning of The Lord of the Rings , and follow hobbit Bilbo Baggins  ( Martin Freeman )  , who is convinced by the wizard Gandalf the Grey  ( Ian McKellen )  to accompany thirteen dwarves , led by Thorin Oakenshield  ( Richard Armitage )  , on a quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug  ( voiced by Benedict Cumberbatch )  .
Records )  in 1982 and released her eponymous debut album the following year .
Tardigrades can be found throughout the world , from the Himalayas  ( above 6000 m )  , to the deep sea  ( below 4000 m )  and from the polar regions to the equator .
She has starred in television series such as The Nativity , Being Erica , and Heartland .
The film also stars Alex Pettyfer , Johnny Knoxville , Colin Hanks , and Evan Peters .
Formula One  ( also Formula 1 or F1 and officially the FIA Formula One World Championship )  is the highest class of single-seat auto racing that is sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  ( FIA )  .
It is one of the constituents of Nikkei 225 and is the world 's largest piano manufacturing company .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Omar Sharif  ( عمر الشريف ,  [ ˈʕomɑɾ eʃʃɪˈɾiːf ]  ; born Michel Dimitri Chalhoub  [ - arzmiˈʃel dɪˈmitɾi ʃælˈhuːb ]  10 April 193210 July 2015 )  was an Egyptian actor .
The first episode was shown on January 18 , 2015 , on Disney Channel as a special preview , and the series officially premiered on March 30 , 2015 , on Disney XD .
Shirley MacLaine  ( born Shirley MacLean Beaty ; April 24 , 1934 )  is an American film , television and theater actress , singer , dancer , activist and author .
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
Patrick James Riley  ( born March 20 , 1945 )  is an American professional basketball executive , and a former coach and player in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Wayne Wang and based on a story by John Hughes , who is credited using a pseudonym .
He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens , a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Scott Hicks .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
He has voiced Joel in The Last of Us , Booker DeWitt in BioShock Infinite , Rhys in Tales from the Borderlands , Delsin Rowe in Infamous Second Son , The Joker in Batman : Arkham Origins and Batman : Assault on Arkham , Talion in Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor , Kai Leng in Mass Effect 3 , Jack Mitchell in Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare , Vincent Brooks in Catherine , Yuri Lowell in Tales of Vesperia , Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei : Persona 4 , Snow in the Final Fantasy XIII series , Pagan Min in Far Cry 4 , Gul ` dan in World of Warcraft : Warlords of Draenor , Sam Drake in Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End and Bruce Wayne in Batman : The Telltale Series .
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ,  (  [ kɾiʃ ` tjɐnu ʁuˈnaɫdu ]  , born 5 February 1985 )  is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team .
While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades , she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism .
In his 1979 autobiography Jack Kramer , the long-time tennis promoter and great player himself , included Sedgman in his list of the 21 greatest players of all time .
The Killing Joke provides an origin story for the supervillain the Joker , loosely adapted from the 1951 story arc `` The Man Behind the Red Hood ! ''
Kuala Lumpur is the cultural , financial and economic centre of Malaysia , home to the Parliament of Malaysia , and the official residence of the Malaysian King , the Istana Negara .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
Robert Frederick Chelsea `` Bobby '' Moore OBE  ( 12 April 1941 -- 24 February 1993 )  was an English professional footballer .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
She ranks as one of the most popular First Ladies and in 1999 was named on Gallup 's list of Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America .
Anthony attended Towson Catholic High School and Oak Hill Academy before playing college basketball at Syracuse .
Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking , maintaining a healthy weight , not drinking too much alcohol , eating plenty of vegetables , fruits and whole grains , vaccination against certain infectious diseases , not eating too much processed and red meat , and avoiding too much sunlight exposure .
Haiti  (  [ ˈheɪti ]  Haïti  [ a.iti ]  Ayiti  [ ajiti ]  )  , officially the Republic of Haiti and formerly called Hayti , is a country located on the island of Hispaniola in the Greater Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean Sea .
The war drew in all the world 's economic great powers , assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies  ( based on the Triple Entente of the Russian Empire , the French Third Republic , and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland )  versus the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
The stratosphere  (  [ ˈstrætəˌsfɪər ,   - toʊ - ]  )  is the second major layer of Earth 's atmosphere , just above the troposphere , and below the mesosphere .
The most common symptoms are severe itchiness and a pimple-like rash .
Indonesia  (  [ ɪndəˈniːʒə ]  or  [ ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə ]  ; Indonesian :  [ ɪndonesia ]  )  , officially the Republic of Indonesia  (  [ rɛpublik ɪndonesia ]  )  , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
William Denby `` Bill '' Hanna  ( July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 )  was an American animator , director , producer , voice actor , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century .
The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett .
Jessica Claire Timberlake  ( née Biel ; born March 3 , 1982 )  is an American actress .
These accords put an end to the - year-long Bosnian War , one of the Yugoslav Wars .
The gray wolf or grey wolf  ( Canis lupus )  , also known as the timber wolf or western wolf , is a canine native to the wilderness and remote areas of Eurasia and North America .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 .
The Promise is a 2016 American historical drama film directed by Terry George and starring Oscar Isaac , Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale , set in the final years of the Ottoman Empire .
She is known for her roles as cheerleader Claire Bennet on the NBC sci-fi series Heroes  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , Juliette Barnes in the ABC/CMT musical-drama series Nashville  ( 2012 -- present )  and Kairi in the video game series Kingdom Hearts .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance , Ben Coccio , and Darius Marder .
Edgar Allan Poe  (  [ poʊ ]  born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 -- October 7 , 1849 )  was an American writer , editor , and literary critic .
Cosmetics are substances or products used to enhance or alter the appearance or fragrance of the body .
`` Anaconda '' is a song by Trinidadian-born American rapper Nicki Minaj , from her third studio album , The Pinkprint  ( 2014 )  .
The Wild Thornberrys is an American animated television series that aired on Nickelodeon from 1998 to 2004 .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
Possible signs and symptoms include a lump , abnormal bleeding , prolonged cough , unexplained weight loss and a change in bowel movements .
Part of the Gyllenhaal family , she is the daughter of filmmakers Stephen Gyllenhaal and Naomi Achs and the older sister of actor Jake Gyllenhaal .
Xi Jinping  (  [ - cmnɕǐ tɕìn.pʰǐŋ ]  , ; born 15 June 1953 )  is the current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China , President of the People 's Republic of China , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission .
Dame Judith Olivia Dench  ( born 9 December 1934 )  , known as Judi Dench , is an English actress and author .
The Panic in Needle Park is a 1971 American romantic drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Al Pacino , in his second film appearance .
In 2016 , Hudson was announced as a coach on the 2017 Series of The Voice UK .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
Taylor Swift is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift , released on October 24 , 2006 , by Big Machine Records .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
Manganiello has appeared in films such as Magic Mike , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , and Sabotage .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
The 1983 -- 84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association .
My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent adventure drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant , loosely based on Shakespeare 's Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V , and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves .
The series was renewed for a third season on October 12 , 2014 , and a fourth season on July 31 , 2015 , both before the respective previous seasons had premiered .
A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
Legally a French-speaking city , 60.5 % of Montrealers speak French at home , 21.2 % speak English and 19.8 % speak neither .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
In 1990 , he founded The Film Foundation , a nonprofit organization dedicated to film preservation , and in 2007 he founded the World Cinema Foundation .
Hoffman has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters .
   NOTOC   
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The Fate of the Furious  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 )  is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
According to Islamic doctrine , he was God 's Messenger  ( rasūl Allāh )  sent to confirm the essential teachings of monotheism preached previously by Adam , Abraham , Moses , Jesus , and other prophets .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
Seattle  (  [ siˈætəl ]  )  is a seaport city on the west coast of the United States and the seat of King County , Washington .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
Robbie Collin is a British film critic .
In the late 1960s , he managed and produced the experimental rock band The Velvet Underground and founded Interview magazine .
One of the most popular contemporary female recording artists , she is known for narrative songs about her personal life , which has received much media attention .
He served two terms as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska and was United States Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson  ( 1913 -- 1915 )  .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
It stars Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg , and was written by Jones and Will McCormack , who also has a role in the film .
There are no precise dates for when this cohort starts or ends ; demographers and researchers typically use starting birth years ranging from the early-to-mid 1960s and ending birth years ranging from the late 1970s to early 1980s .
War Dogs is a 2016 American biographical black comedy-drama film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Phillips , Jason Smilovic and Stephen Chin , based on a Rolling Stone article by Guy Lawson .
Both won Grammy Awards and Recovery was the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide , the second time he had the international best-selling album of the year  ( after The Eminem Show )  .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
On Earth , 96.5 % of the planet 's crust water is found in seas and oceans , 1.7 % in groundwater , 1.7 % in glaciers and the ice caps of Antarctica and Greenland , a small fraction in other large water bodies , and 0.001 % in the air as vapor , clouds  ( formed of ice and liquid water suspended in air )  , and precipitation .
It is the second longest play in the canon after Hamlet , and is the longest of the First Folio , whose version of Hamlet is shorter than its Quarto counterpart .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Originally a progressive rock band , Journey was described by AllMusic as having cemented a reputation as `` one of America 's most beloved  ( and sometimes hated )  commercial rock/pop bands '' by 1978 , when they redefined their sound by embracing pop arrangements on their fourth album , Infinity .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
Buddhism is the world 's fourth-largest religion , with over 500 million followers or 7 % of the global population , known as Buddhists .
He starred as the title character in the 1992 film Chaplin , which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor and won him the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois .
Zeus  [ ˈzju : s ]   ( Ζεύς , Zeús ,  [ zdeǔ̯s ]  Modern Δίας , Días  [ ˈði.as ]  )  is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus .
Harald married Sonja Haraldsen in 1968 , with their relationship initially being controversial due to her status as a commoner .
Carice Anouk van Houten  (  [ kaːˈris ɑˈnuk vɑn ˈɦʌu̯tə  ( n )  ]  ; born 5 September 1976 )  is a Dutch actress and singer .
The number is a mathematical constant , the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter , commonly approximated as 3.14159 .
She was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize , the first person and only woman to win twice , the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two different sciences , and was part of the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes .
The film received four more Academy Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Sound Editing , Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song , winning the latter two .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Melbourne  (  [ ˈmɛlbərn ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of Victoria , and the second-most populous city in Australia and Oceania .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
The book was released on 21 July 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom , in the United States by Scholastic , and in Canada by Raincoast Books , ending the series that began in 1997 with the publication of Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone .
Before becoming an actress , she started modeling and entered several beauty contests , finishing as the 1st runner-up in the Miss USA Pageant and coming in 6th place in the Miss World Pageant in 1986 .
It is a nonselective COX inhibitor , usually sold as the sodium salt .
Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger .
Paul Frederic Simon  ( born October 13 , 1941 )  is an American musician , singer-songwriter and actor .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
Measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus .
The party was dissolved on 29 August 1991 on Soviet territory soon after a failed coup d'état and was completely abolished on 6 November 1991 on Russian territory .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
The ensemble cast additionally includes Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom Hardy , Dileep Rao , Cillian Murphy , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
Aaron Taylor-Johnson  ( born Aaron Perry Johnson ; 13 June 1990 )  is an English actor , best known as the title character in the Kick-Ass films and Quicksilver in Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  .
The District of North Vancouver is a district municipality in British Columbia , Canada and is part of the Greater Vancouver Regional District  ( GVRD )  .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
He is known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love  ( 1998 )  , for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role , Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates  ( 2001 )  , and Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story  ( 2012 -- 2013 )  .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic historical drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano .
Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 3D epic action adventure fantasy film that is a sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
She graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Film Academy .
Amazon.com  (  [ ˈæməzɒn ]  or  [ ˈæməzən ]  )  , also called Amazon , is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company that was founded on July 5 , 1994 , by Jeff Bezos and is based in Seattle , Washington .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
The series is a reboot of the popular 1997 TV series La Femme Nikita  ( itself based on the 1990 Luc Besson film Nikita )  .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Johnson has 17 championship reigns in WWE , including 10 as a world champion , winning the WWF/WWE Championship eight times  ( seventh reign was as WWE Undisputed Champion )  and the WCW/World Championship twice .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
Gore rose to prominence for her work with the Parents Music Resource Center  ( PMRC )  , voicing strong opinions and advocating censorship , for the labeling of record covers of releases featuring profane language , especially in the heavy metal , punk and hip hop genres .
She has appeared in films , such as Rain Man , Beethoven , Beethoven 's 2nd , Jumanji , Jerry Maguire , The Green Mile , Cheaper by the Dozen and Cheaper by the Dozen 2 .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
About 20 % of the atmosphere 's mass is contained in the stratosphere .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
It is the world 's largest religion , with over 2.4 billion followers , or 33 % of the global population , known as Christians .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
He is best known for directing the 2011 film Bridesmaids , featuring Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy and the 2016 film Ghostbusters also starring Wiig and McCarthy .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
After publishing several short stories in the late 1950s and early 1960s , he began composing the novels for which he is best known : V.  ( 1963 )  , The Crying of Lot 49  ( 1966 )  , Gravity 's Rainbow  ( 1973 )  , and Mason & Dixon  ( 1997 )  .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
The Bible  ( from Koine Greek τὰ βιβλία , tà biblía , `` the books '' )  is a collection of sacred texts or scriptures that Jews and Christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration and a record of the relationship between God and humans .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
He won his first Primetime Emmy Award for his role in American Horror Story : Asylum  ( 2012 )  and a Canadian Screen Award for his role in Still Mine  ( 2013 )  .
A businessman with interests in financial services , entertainment , and media , and an estimated net worth of $ 3 billion , he is ranked by Forbes as the 232nd richest person in America .
Asteroid Day is held on the anniversary of the June 30 , 1908 Siberian Tunguska event , the most harmful known asteroid-related event on Earth in recent history .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
The Chernobyl disaster , also referred to as the Chernobyl accident , was a catastrophic nuclear accident .
He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union , abbreviated in English as CPSU , was the founding and ruling political party of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics  ( USSR or Soviet Union )  .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
He was the 65th United States Secretary of State , serving under U.S. President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005 , the first African American to serve in that position .
It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapičić .
The Big Chill is a 1983 American comedy-drama film directed by Lawrence Kasdan , starring Tom Berenger , Glenn Close , Jeff Goldblum , William Hurt , Kevin Kline , Mary Kay Place , Meg Tilly , and JoBeth Williams .
The District is served by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , British Columbia Ambulance Service , and the District of North Vancouver Fire Department .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
By winning the Monte-Carlo Masters in 2012 , Nadal became the only male player in the open era to win a tournament eight consecutive times .
For her performance in the musical-drama Crazy Heart  ( 2009 )  , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee , scripter Don Rico , and artist Don Heck , the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No. 52  ( April 1964 )  .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
He started his career at age 19 in the film Endless Love  ( 1981 )  .
The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States , where it was certified Gold for 500,000 units shipped .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
He played the main character role of Alex Mason in the Call of Duty : Black Ops series .
Rickman trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London , and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company , performing in modern and classical theatre productions .
Saif Ali Khan  (  [ ˈsɛːf əˈli ˈxaːn ]  ; born Sajid Ali Khan on 16 August 1970 )  is an Indian film actor and producer .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
The Boeing 737 is an American short - to medium-range twinjet narrow-body airliner .
The group consists of AJ McLean , Howie D. , Nick Carter , Kevin Richardson , and Brian Littrell .
The Bravo Award is an annual award which is handed out by the Italian magazine Guerin Sportivo to the most outstanding young European footballer .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
Adam Douglas Driver  ( born November 19 , 1983 )  is an American actor .
19 Kids and Counting  ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting )  was an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years , until its cancellation in 2015 .
Over the course of three more voyages , he visited the Greater and Lesser Antilles , as well as the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and Central America , claiming all of it for the Crown of Castile .
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created and designed by Swedish game designer Markus `` Notch '' Persson , and later fully developed and published by Mojang .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
Her next major role , G.I. Jane  ( 1997 )  , for which she famously shaved her head , was followed by a lengthy break and significant downturn in Moore 's career , although she has remained a subject of substantial media interest during the years since .
From 2006 to 2013 , Baldwin starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock , winning two Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show , making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards .
He appeared on stage and in many films , appearing as Frank Machin in This Sporting Life , and King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot and the subsequent 1981 revival of the show .
Kate Marie Nash  ( born 6 July 1987 )  is an English singer , songwriter , musician and actress .
Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean .
From 2010 to 2013 , she starred in the Disney Channel sitcom Shake It Up as Rocky Blue .
The Revolution overthrew the monarchy , established a republic , experienced violent periods of political turmoil , and finally culminated in a dictatorship under Napoleon that rapidly brought many of its principles to Western Europe and beyond .
Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde  ( 16 October 185430 November 1900 )  was an Irish playwright , novelist , essayist , and poet .
She is also known as the voice of Jessie in the Toy Story franchise .
Serbia  (  [ ˈsɜrbiə ]  , Србија / Srbija ,  [ sř̩bija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Serbia  ( Република Србија / Republika Srbija )  , is a landlocked sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe , covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Lily Jane Collins  ( born 18 March 1989 )  is a British-American actress and model .
Midwestern Gothic is an American literary magazine based in Ann Arbor , Michigan and Chicago , Illinois .
He is also known for his work in the 1990s to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam , and for his belief that the Iraq War should have been fought to a successful conclusion .
In January 2010 , it was announced that the Tetris franchise had sold more than 170 million copies , approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones , making it the best selling paid-downloaded game of all time .
The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles .
Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones  ( 2009 )  .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
The following year , she starred as Letty in the blockbuster film The Fast and the Furious  ( 2001 )  , a role she has reprised in four additional films in the Fast and Furious franchise to date .
Starr played key roles in the Beatles ' films and appeared in numerous others .
Cerebral palsy  ( CP )  is a group of permanent movement disorders that appear in early childhood .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
Mary Elle Fanning  ( born April 9 , 1998 )  is an American actress .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
Sir George Henry Martin  ( 3 January 19268 March 2016 )  was an English record producer , arranger , composer , conductor , audio engineer , and musician .
The National Security Agency  ( NSA )  is a military intelligence organization and a constituent of the United States Department of Defense  ( DOD )  .
Gyllenhaal received further recognition for roles in Zodiac  ( 2007 )  , Brothers  ( 2009 )  , Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time  ( 2010 )  , Love & Other Drugs  ( 2010 )  , for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy , Source Code  ( 2011 )  , End of Watch  ( 2012 )  , Prisoners , Enemy  ( both 2013 )  , Nightcrawler  ( 2014 )  , Southpaw  ( 2015 )  and Nocturnal Animals  ( 2016 )  .
Mary Elle Fanning  ( born April 9 , 1998 )  is an American actress .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
He was also president of the Government Junta of Chile between 1973 and 1981 .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles .
Sarah Michelle Prinze  ( née Gellar ; born April 14 , 1977 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 .
Roughly 150 mi north of New York City , Albany developed on the west bank of the Hudson River , about 10 mi south of its confluence with the Mohawk River .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
Timea Bacsinszky  ( born 8 June 1989 )  is a Swiss professional tennis player who has reached a career-high ranking of No. 9 and won three singles and four doubles titles on the WTA Tour .
Kaitlin Willow Olson  ( born August 18 , 1975 )  is an American actress and comedian .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency  ( EPA or sometimes USEPA )  is an agency of the Federal government of the United States which was created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulations based on laws passed by Congress .
The most common sign of infection is an expanding area of redness on the skin , known as erythema migrans , that begins at the site of a tick bite about a week after it has occurred .
Albania is a member of the United Nations , NATO , WTO , World Bank , the Council of Europe , the OSCE , the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .
Bangladesh  (  [ bæŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ ˌbɑːŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ : bn : বাংলাদেশ , বাংলাদেশ ]  ,  [ ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ ]  , lit .
As a model , she has been featured in the magazines Teen Vogue and Seventeen .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
The Meyerowitz Stories  ( New and Selected )  is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Noah Baumbach .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
It involves studying the brand , identifying it 's target audience , devising the event concept , and coordinating the technical aspects before actually launching the event .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
He is best known for his role as the Eleventh Doctor in the BBC science fiction series Doctor Who , for which he received a BAFTA Award nomination in 2011 .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film Star Trek  ( 2009 )  , the thriller adventure A Perfect Getaway  ( 2009 )  , the horror comedy The Cabin in the Woods  ( 2012 )  , the dark-fantasy action film Snow White and the Huntsman  ( 2012 )  , the war film Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , and the biographical sports drama film Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr.  (  [ dweɪn ]  ; born January 17 , 1982 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
The band experienced multiple line-up changes , with Iommi being the only constant member throughout its history .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
Rajesh Khanna  ( born Jatin Khanna ; 29 December 1942 -- 18 July 2012 )  was an Indian actor , film producer and politician who is known for his work in Hindi cinema .
In the mid-2000s , Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films , by appearing in supporting roles in three highly successful productions , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Rang De Basanti  ( 2006 )  , Mani Ratnam 's biopic Guru  ( 2007 )  and Rajkumar Hirani 's 3 Idiots  ( 2009 )  , which went on to become the highest grossing Indian film of all time upon release .
The character is a founding member of the Justice League , demigoddess , warrior princess , and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people .
He was also an aerospace engineer , naval aviator , test pilot , and university professor .
The purpose of a boycott is to inflict some economic loss on the target , or to indicate a moral outrage , to try to compel the target to alter an objectionable behavior .
The third installment of the Dhoom series , it features Aamir Khan as the antagonist and Katrina Kaif , with Abhishek Bachchan in the lead role reprising his role of ACP Jai Dixit and Uday Chopra reprising his role as Ali Akbar , as in the previous films of the franchise .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest urban area is Sydney .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
An early role of his was that of the young autistic Jacob `` Jake '' Bohm in the TV series Touch .
Greenwich  (  [ ˈɡrɛnɪtʃ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪdʒ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪtʃ ]  or  [ ˈɡrɛnɪdʒ ]  )  is an early-established district of south east London , England , centred 5.5 miles  ( 8.9 km )  east south-east of Charing Cross .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young , and BoA returned as judges .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Dillinger is best known for his membership in the duo Tha Dogg Pound , alongside Kurupt , as well as his work with Death Row Records .
Haifa  (  [ χei̯ˈfa , ˈχai̯fa ]  حيفا )  , is the third-largest city in the State of Israel , with a population of in .
Thomas Ruggles Pynchon , Jr.  (  [ ˈpɪnˌtʃɒn ]  , commonly  [ ˈpɪntʃən ]  born May 8 , 1937 )  is an American novelist .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
Humans may suffer from various sleep disorders , including dyssomnias , such as insomnia , hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and sleep apnea ; parasomnias , such as sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder ; bruxism ; and circadian rhythm sleep disorders .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
After making her film debut as Kristina Jung in Blow  ( 2001 )  , Roberts gained recognition for her lead role as Addie Singer on the Nickelodeon television series Unfabulous  ( 2004 -- 07 )  .
Terminology varies with country but investment funds are often referred to as investment pools , collective investment vehicles , collective investment schemes , managed funds , or simply funds .
Located on the equator , Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest , Cameroon to the north , the Republic of the Congo on the east and south , and the Gulf of Guinea to the west .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
The Star Trek canon of the franchise includes The Original Series , an animated series , four spin-off television series , its film franchise and an upcoming television series scheduled to debut in 2017 .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
After writing in different forms throughout the 1880s , he became one of London 's most popular playwrights in the early 1890s .
Known for its portrayal of corrupt police officers , it was originally advertised as Rampart in reference to the true life Rampart Division police scandal , on which the show 's Strike Team was loosely based .
Spider-Man 's creators gave him super strength and agility , the ability to cling to most surfaces , shoot spider-webs using wrist-mounted devices of his own invention , which he calls `` web-shooters '' , and react to danger quickly with his `` spider-sense '' , enabling him to combat his foes .
The film stars Sam Worthington , Rosamund Pike , Bill Nighy , Édgar Ramírez , Toby Kebbell , Danny Huston , Ralph Fiennes , and Liam Neeson , with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
Johnson 's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002 .
Among 30 Borrelia known species , it is one of four which are likely to infect humans causing a variant of Lyme disease .
He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood 's golden age .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
It consists of three stars : the double star Alpha Centauri A  ( also named Rigil Kentaurus )  and Alpha Centauri B together with a small and faint red dwarf , Alpha Centauri C  ( also named Proxima Centauri )  , that may be gravitationally bound to the other two .
He was one of the thirteen men who founded Juventus in 1897 and the club 's first ever president .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
It stars Maisie Williams and Florence Pugh as best friends at an all-girls school .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
The film follows a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants over the course of an evening at a remote summer home .
He is known for his role as Tim `` The Toolman '' Taylor in the ABC television show Home Improvement  ( 1991 -- 1999 )  as well as for his starring roles in several films , including the role of Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story franchise .
The Matrix is a 1999 science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis , starring Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , Hugo Weaving , and Joe Pantoliano .
The daughter of King Henry I of England , she moved to Germany as a child when she married the future Holy Roman Emperor Henry V .
The Parliament of Canada  ( Parlement du Canada )  is the federal legislative branch of Canada , seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital , Ottawa , Ontario .
He also had a leading role in the 2014 independent romantic comedy ensemble , Mutual Friends , and guest roles in television series such as NBC 's 30 Rock and Fox 's Glee .
It has been translated into 52 languages , and set a record in the United Kingdom as the fastest-selling paperback of all time .
 ( 1952 )  , Julius Caesar  ( 1953 )  , The Wild One  ( 1953 )  , Guys and Dolls  ( 1955 )  , Sayonara  ( 1957 )  , Reflections in a Golden Eye  ( 1967 )  , Last Tango in Paris  ( 1972 )  , and Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
The 19th G7 Summit was held in Tokyo , Japan , on July 7 -- 9 , 1993 .
Indian  ( Tamil : இந்தியன் )  is a 1996 Indian Tamil vigilante crime thriller film written and directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam .
Other animals tend to keep their distance from elephants while predators , such as lions , tigers , hyenas , and any wild dogs , usually target only young elephants  ( or `` calves '' )  .
In addition to her many films , Parker enjoyed great popularity for her lead role on Showtime 's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin , for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006 .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
Womb  ( retitled Clone for its UK DVD release )  is a 2010 film written and directed by Benedek Fliegauf and starring Eva Green and Matt Smith .
Darth Vader , also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker , is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise .
The most successful of these films include Bloodsport  ( 1988 )  , Kickboxer  ( 1989 )  , Lionheart  ( 1990 )  , Double Impact  ( 1991 )  , Universal Soldier  ( 1992 )  , Hard Target  ( 1993 )  , Street Fighter  ( 1994 )  , Timecop  ( 1994 )  , Sudden Death  ( 1995 )  , JCVD  ( 2008 )  and The Expendables 2  ( 2012 )  .
The Paleogene  (  [ pronˈpæliːədʒiːn ]  or  [ ˈpeɪliːədʒiːn ]  also spelled Palaeogene or Palæogene ; informally Lower Tertiary )  is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago  ( Mya )  to the beginning of the Neogene Period Mya .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
In total , he has won eight Serie A titles , three Coppa Italia titles , and five Supercoppa Italiana titles with Juventus .
Jon is portrayed by Kit Harington on the HBO series Game of Thrones .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Born and raised in Los Angeles , Monroe spent most of her childhood in foster homes and an orphanage and married at the age of sixteen .
Ronald Ulysses `` Ron '' Swanson is a fictional character
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
Edward I  ( 17/18 June 1239 -- 7 July 1307 )  , also known as Edward Longshanks and the Hammer of the Scots  ( Malleus Scotorum )  , was King of England from 1272 to 1307 .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
While generally adhering to conservative principles , McCain at times has had a media reputation as a `` maverick '' for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
In the 2010s , he has starred in Mr. Popper 's Penguins  ( 2011 )  and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone  ( 2013 )  .
The series starred real-life brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans .
The Constitution of Denmark was signed on 5 June 1849 , ending the absolute monarchy which had begun in 1660 .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
In films , Spider-Man has been portrayed by actors Tobey Maguire  ( 2002 -- 2007 )  and Andrew Garfield  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , while Tom Holland portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , first appearing in Captain America : Civil War in 2016 .
She is one of the most famous deaf people in history and she is an idol to many deaf people in the world .
In 1775 , the Second Continental Congress commissioned him as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution .
Called the `` King of Pop '' , his contributions to music , dance , and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades .
Music Bank is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2 .
However , the historical connections of the region , as well as the impact of the Mediterranean Sea on the region 's climate and economy , mean that these cuisines share dishes beyond the core trio of oil , bread , and wine , such as roast lamb or mutton , meat stews with vegetables and tomato  ( for example , Spanish andrajos and Italian ciambotta )  , and the salted cured fish roe , bottarga , found across the region .
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
In 2016 , AWS comprised more than 70 services spanning a wide range including compute , storage , networking , database , analytics , application services , deployment , management , mobile , developer tools , and tools for the Internet of Things .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Her second studio album , My Best Friend Is You , was released in 2010 and reached the top 10 in both the UK and Germany .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Jon Meade Huntsman Jr.  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American politician , businessman , and diplomat who served as the 16th Governor of Utah from 2005 to 2009 , and as United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1992 to 1993 , and China from 2009 to 2011 .
The film was released on October 21 , 2016 by 20th Century Fox , received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb , grossing $ 29 million against its $ 40 million budget .
It stars Jennifer Lopez , Ralph Fiennes , and Natasha Richardson .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom that aired from January 11 , 1995 , to May 20 , 1999 , on The WB Television Network .
He was a five-star general in the United States Army during World War II and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in Europe .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison .
Dennis William Quaid  ( born April 9 , 1954 )  is an American actor known for a wide variety of dramatic and comedic roles .
Recording sessions for A Thousand Suns took place at NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood , California from 2008 until early 2010 .
Ser Gregor Clegane , nicknamed The Mountain , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
The wendigo may appear as a monster with some characteristics of a human , or as a spirit who has possessed a human being and made them become monstrous .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
He is known for his highly energetic slapstick performances .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Injustice 2 is a fighting video game developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. .
Leicester City Football Club  (  [ ˌlɛstər ˈsɪti ]  )  , also known as the Foxes , is an English professional football club based at the King Power Stadium in Leicester .
The series stars Bella Thorne , Charlie DePew , Georgie Flores , Carter Jenkins , Niki Koss , Keith Powers , Pepi Sonuga , and Perrey Reeves .
In the north , it is connected to the Marmara Sea and Black Sea by the Dardanelles and Bosphorus .
Pompeii , along with Herculaneum and many villas in the suzrrounding area , was mostly destroyed and buried under 4 to of volcanic ash and pumice in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD .
Avatar : The Last Airbender  ( Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions )  is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons  ( referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card )  on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Fences is a 2016 American period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and written by August Wilson , based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name  ( Wilson died in 2005 , but completed a screenplay before his death )  .
Hugh Marston Hefner  ( born April 9 , 1926 )  is an American men 's lifestyle magazine publisher , businessman , and a well-known playboy .
WeChat is a Chinese social media  ( instant messaging , commerce and payment services )  application developed by Tencent .
Dead Man Down is an 2013 American neo-noir crime thriller film written by J.H. Wyman and directed by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
Jessica Michelle Chastain  ( born March 24 , 1977 )  is an American actress and film producer .
Alec Sokolow is an American film writer who has worked on such projects as the movies Cheaper by the Dozen , Toy Story , Money Talks , and Garfield : The Movie .
It was first released in 2011 and by 2017 it was one of the largest standalone messaging apps by monthly active users , with over 938 million active users .
He became famous as a child actor for his role as Kevin McCallister in the family comedy Home Alone  ( 1990 )  and its sequel Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York  ( 1992 )  .
The company was founded in 1925 as the entertainment-related publishing division of Japanese publisher Shogakukan .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration  ( NASA  [ ˈnæsə ]  )  is an independent agency of the executive branch of the United States federal government responsible for the civilian space program , as well as aeronautics and aerospace research .
Jennifer Anne Garner  ( born April 17 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
In 1984 , Schwarzenegger appeared in James Cameron 's science-fiction thriller film The Terminator , a critical and commercial success .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
Drop Dead Gorgeous is a 1999 American black comedy film directed by Michael Patrick Jann and starring Kirstie Alley , Ellen Barkin , Kirsten Dunst , Allison Janney , Denise Richards , Brittany Murphy , and Amy Adams in her film debut .
Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus-strewn landscape .
The music video for the song , directed by the band 's turntablist Joe Hahn , was released on August 26 , 2010 .
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was played between Leicester City , in their third final appearance in four years , and First Division side Tranmere Rovers at the Wembley Stadium on 27 February 2000 .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
Saamy is a 2003 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari .
Christopher Edward Nolan  (  [ ˈnoʊlən ]  born 30 July 1970 )  is an English-American film director , screenwriter and producer .
In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
He is the son of former Chechen President Akhmad Kadyrov , who was assassinated in May 2004 .
Both Kauffman and Crane were also executive producers of the show , along with Kevin Bright .
Broderick Stephen `` Steve '' Harvey  ( born January 17 , 1957 )  is an American comedian , television host , producer , radio personality , actor , and author .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
His cartel supplied an estimated 80 % of the cocaine smuggled into the United States at the height of his career , turning over US $ 21.9 billion a year in personal income .
The New Testament is a collection of writings by early Christians , believed to be mostly Jewish disciples of Christ , written in first-century Koine Greek .
It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season , and has remained there since .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions  ( 2012 )  , as the opening track .
John Weldon `` J. J. '' Cale  ( December 5 , 1938 -- July 26 , 2013 )  was an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
It is home to several professional sports franchises , including the Winnipeg Blue Bombers  ( Canadian football )  , the Winnipeg Jets  ( ice hockey )  , Manitoba Moose  ( ice hockey )  and the Winnipeg Goldeyes  ( baseball )  .
Following the liberation of Italy and the rise of the resistance , the country abolished the monarchy , reinstated democracy , enjoyed a prolonged economic boom and , despite periods of sociopolitical turmoil  ( e.g. Anni di piombo , Mani pulite , the Second Mafia War , the Maxi Trial and subsequent assassinations of anti-mafia officials )  , became a major developed country .
Following centuries of successive habitation by Celts , Romans , Slavs , Gepids and Avars , the foundation of Hungary was laid in the late 9th century by the Hungarian grand prince Árpád in the conquest of the Carpathian Basin .
Barack Hussein Obama II  (  [ bəˈrɑːk huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə ]  ; born August 4 , 1961 )  is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
Medina was Muhammad 's destination after his Hijrah from Mecca , and became the capital of a rapidly increasing Muslim Empire , first under Muhammad 's leadership , and then under Ali .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
She promotes various causes such as environment , health and education , and women 's rights and is particularly vocal about gender equality and feminism .
Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE  ( February 27 , 1932 -- March 23 , 2011 )  was a British American actress , businesswoman , and humanitarian .
Significant praise was directed towards the performances of Foy in the leading role and John Lithgow as Winston Churchill , and Foy received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and Lithgow the Best Actor at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards , among other accolades , including at the 74th Golden Globe Awards and the 7th Critics ' Choice Television Awards .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
He worked as a talent director at Uptown Records before founding his label Bad Boy Entertainment in 1993 .
Based on the autobiography of the same name of Reinaldo Arenas , which was published in English in 1993 , the screenplay was written by Schnabel , Cunningham O'Keefe and Lázaro Gómez Carriles .
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  ; born December 19 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
The series is inspired by several actual Democratic legislators who share a row house in D.C. : Senator Dick Durbin  ( D-IL )  , Senator Chuck Schumer  ( D-NY )  , and Representative George Miller  ( D-CA )  .
He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his sophomore album My Way  ( 1997 )  , which spawned his first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number-one single , `` Nice & Slow '' , amongst top-two singles `` You Make Me Wan na ... '' and `` My Way '' .
The supporting cast features Jennifer Garner , Jonah Hill , Louis C.K. , Rob Lowe and Tina Fey .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
In Greek texts , the phalanx may be deployed for battle , on the march , even camped , thus describing the mass of infantry or cavalry that would deploy in line during battle .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
He won the March 2012 presidential election with 64 % of the vote , a result which aligned with pre-election polling .
Benjamin John `` Ben '' Whishaw  ( born 14 October 1980 )  is an English actor .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
He studied Law at the Saint Petersburg State University , graduating in 1975 .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird , produced by Pixar Animation Studios , and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Bonnie Lynne Hunt  ( born September 22 , 1961 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actress , director , producer , writer and host .
It is the largest insurance company in South Korea and a Fortune Global 500 company .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
James Trevor `` Jamie '' Oliver ,  ( born 27 May 1975 )  is a British celebrity chef and restaurateur .
Lust for Life  ( 1956 )  is a MGM  ( Metrocolor )  biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin .
Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor .
Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh .
A glacier  (  [ pronˈɡleɪʃər ]  or  [ ˈɡlæsiə ]  )  is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight ; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation  ( melting and sublimation )  over many years , often centuries .
However , her popularity grew after she won the Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year in 2007 , which she won nine consecutive times .
Amsterdam  (  [ ˈæmstərdæm ,   ˌæmstərˈdæm ]   [ ɑmstərˈdɑm ]  )  is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Located in the City of Westminster , the palace is often at the centre of state occasions and royal hospitality .
Silva holds the longest title streak in UFC history , which ended in 2013 after 2,457 days , with 16 consecutive wins and 10 title defenses .
Colorful characters , strong women and over-the-top comedy sketches were integral to the series ' success .
She has composed over 3,000 songs , notably `` I Will Always Love You ''  ( a two-time U.S. country chart-topper for Parton , as well as an international pop hit for Whitney Houston )  , `` Jolene '' , `` Coat of Many Colors '' , and `` 9 to 5 '' .
Syria  (  [ ˈsɪ.riə ]  سوريا )  , officially known as the Syrian Arab Republic , is a country in Western Asia , bordering Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea to the west , Turkey to the north , Iraq to the east , Jordan to the south , and Israel to the southwest .
Blink-182 is considered a key group in the development of pop punk ; the band 's combination of pop melodies with fast-paced punk rock featured a more radio-friendly accessibility than prior bands .
He is part of the Diemon Crew , a rap group .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
His poems are known for their irony , characterization , dark humour , social commentary , historical settings , and challenging vocabulary and syntax .
The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
Young began performing in a group covering Shadows instrumentals in Canada in 1960 .
The show featured the Duggar family : parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their nineteen children -- nine girls and ten boys , all of whose names begin with the letter `` J. '' During the life of the show , three children were born , three children were married and four grandchildren were born .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world , and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States , and the fourth wealthiest in the world , with a total net worth of $ 73.3 billion .
Christopher Francis `` Frank '' Ocean  ( born Christopher Edwin Breaux ; October 28 , 1987 )  , is an American singer , songwriter , and rapper .
Marcus LeMarr Allen  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is a former American football running back and football analyst for CBS .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
The word comes from Middle French mole , ultimately from Latin mōlēs , meaning a large mass , especially of rock , and it has the same root as molecule .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Morgan Freeman  ( born June 1 , 1937 )  is an American actor , producer and narrator .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
Albanians  ( Shqiptarët )  are an ethnic group , native to Albania , Kosovo and neighboring countries .
Wi-Fi or WiFi is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
From 2004 to 2006 , Khaled assisted in the production of the hip-hop albums Real Talk by Fabolous , True Story by Terror Squad , All or Nothing and Me , Myself , & I by Fat Joe .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
It stars Jon Voight , Faye Dunaway , and Ricky Schroder .
Rodriguez also branched into television , playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost .
The series is based on the Heartland book series by Lauren Brooke .
Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg  ( born June 5 , 1971 )  is an American actor , producer , businessman , former model , and rapper .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
Israel  (  [ ˈɪzreiəl ]  ; )  , officially the State of Israel  (  [ mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel ]  دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل  [ dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl ]  )  , is a country in the Middle East , on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
After the Eagles broke up in 1980 , Henley pursued a solo career and released his debut album I Ca n't Stand Still , in 1982 .
Michael Gerard Tyson  (  [ ˈtaɪsən ]  born June 30 , 1966 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 2005 .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Arya is the younger daughter of Lord Eddard Stark and his wife Lady Catelyn Stark .
Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States , following the resignation of Spiro Agnew .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
The film is a remake of the 1973 film of the same name by George A. Romero , who is an executive producer of the remake .
The film stars Tina Fey , Margot Robbie , Martin Freeman , Christopher Abbott , Alfred Molina , and Billy Bob Thornton .
She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
He has been married to Victoria Beckham since 1999 and they have four children .
In Secret , previously titled Thérèse , is a 2013 American erotic thriller film written and directed by Charlie Stratton .
Guillaume Emmanuel `` Guy-Manuel '' de Homem-Christo  (  [ ɡi manɥɛl də ɔmɛm kʁisto ]  ; born 8 February 1974 )  is a French musician , record producer , singer , songwriter , DJ and film director , best known for being one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk , along with Thomas Bangalter .
George Andrew Romero  (  [ rə 'm ɛroʊ ]  born February 4 , 1940 )  is an American-Canadian filmmaker and editor , best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about an imagined zombie apocalypse , beginning with Night of the Living Dead and notably continuing on with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead .
William James `` Count '' Basie  ( August 21 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1984 )  was an American jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer .
Gujarat  (  [ , gUdZ@'raht ]   [ ˈɡudʒ ɾaːt̪ ]  )  is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million .
He has voiced main characters on animated series Uncle Grandpa and Penn Zero : Part-Time HeroHe played the role of Bumper Allen in the musical films Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
Lucas
Alison Brie Franco  ( née Schermerhorn born December 29 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Alison Brie , is an American actress and producer .
Psychology has been described as a `` hub science '' , with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences , natural sciences , medicine , humanities , and philosophy .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
He began his career in college as a joke writer , stand up comedian , and playwright and , while still in college , was a staff writer for Laverne & Shirley -- making him  ( at the time )  the youngest member of the Writers Guild of America .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
He is best known for writing the screenplay for the 2012 film Argo , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay .
He is currently Togo 's all-time top goalscorer with 31 goals .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
With Pink Floyd , he recorded four singles , their debut album  ( and contributed to the second one )  , and several unreleased songs .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
Paul Thomas Anderson  ( born June 26 , 1970 )  also known as P.T. Anderson , is an American filmmaker .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Caryn Mandabach is an American television producer .
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
He is best known for being the writer and composer , with Jim Jacobs , of the stage and film musical Grease .
The Gadsden flag is a historical American flag with a yellow field depicting a rattlesnake coiled and ready to strike .
He returned to wrestling part-time for WWE from 2011 to 2013 and continues to make sporadic non-wrestling appearances for the company .
Pertwee is most known for starring as the Third Doctor in the science-fiction series Doctor Who between 1970 and 1974 .
Produced by Sony Pictures Animation , the film is scheduled to be released on July 28 , 2017 , by Columbia Pictures .
He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election .
He was elected Labour Party leader in July 1994 , following the sudden death of his predecessor , John Smith , who together with his predecessor , Neil Kinnock , had started to move the party closer to the political centre , in the hope of winning power .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Donald Clarence `` Don '' Simpson  ( October 29 , 1943 -- January 19 , 1996 )  was an American film producer , screenwriter , and actor .
She began her career in television , making appearances in commercials and television shows , and later appeared in the films Jaws : The Revenge , The Land Before Time , and All Dogs Go to Heaven , supplying the voice for animated characters in the latter two .
The single-camera comedy was co-created by Matthew Perry , who also starred in the series .
George Andrew Romero  (  [ rə 'm ɛroʊ ]  born February 4 , 1940 )  is an American-Canadian filmmaker and editor , best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about an imagined zombie apocalypse , beginning with Night of the Living Dead and notably continuing on with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead .
She has also received many award nominations for her acting in theatre , film and television ; her competitive awards include six British Academy Film Awards , four BAFTA TV Awards , seven Olivier Awards , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , two Golden Globes , and a Tony Award .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd AllāhFull name : Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim  ( ابو القاسم محمد ابن عبد الله ابن عبد المطلب ابن هاشم , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim )   ( محمد  [ muħammad ]  ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE )  is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims .
It was adapted for the British television network ITV in 1996 , directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and dramatised by Andrew Davies , the same year as Miramax 's film adaptation of Emma starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Born in Venice , he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers , and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe .
It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur .
The character first appeared in Batman : Vengeance of Bane # 1  ( January 1993 )  and was created by Chuck Dixon , Doug Moench , and Graham Nolan .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
Hairspray : Soundtrack to the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album for the 2007 New Line Cinema musical film Hairspray .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
A country of fertile plains , high mountains , and deserts , Syria is home to diverse ethnic and religious groups , including Syrian Arabs , Greeks , Armenians , Assyrians , Kurds , Circassians , Mandeans and Turks .
In 1679 , Titus Oates 's revelations of a supposed `` Popish Plot '' sparked the Exclusion Crisis when it was revealed that Charles 's brother and heir  ( James , Duke of York )  was a Catholic .
Biel has since starred in many films , including The Rules of Attraction  ( 2002 )  , Blade : Trinity  ( 2004 )  , Stealth  ( 2005 )  , I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry  ( 2007 )  , The A-Team  ( 2010 )  and Total Recall  ( 2012 )  .
Nicknamed `` The Greatest '' , he was involved in several historic boxing matches .
He is credited with bringing realism to film acting .
Glenn Lewis Frey  (  [ fraɪ ]  November 6 , 1948 -- January 18 , 2016 )  was an American singer , songwriter and actor , best known as a founding member of the rock band Eagles .
He worked for the Baltimore Sun City Desk for twelve years  ( 1982 -- 95 )  and wrote Homicide : A Year on the Killing Streets  ( 1991 )  and co-wrote The Corner : A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood  ( 1997 )  with Ed Burns .
Films he has directed include Walk the Line , which he also co-wrote ; The Wolverine ; Logan ; Cop Land ; Girl , Interrupted ; Knight and Day ; and the 2007 remake 3:10 to Yuma .
Sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body characterized by altered consciousness , relatively inhibited sensory activity , inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles , and reduced interactions with surroundings .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Serbia  (  [ ˈsɜrbiə ]  , Србија / Srbija ,  [ sř̩bija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Serbia  ( Република Србија / Republika Srbija )  , is a landlocked sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe , covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Wonder Woman has also regularly appeared in comic books featuring the superhero teams Justice Society  ( from 1941 )  and Justice League  ( from 1960 )  .
Antinuclear antibodies  ( ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF )  are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus .
Fifty Shades of Grey has topped best-seller lists around the world , selling over 125 million copies worldwide by June 2015 .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
Jones influenced the cross-dressing movement of the 1980s and has been an inspiration for artists including Annie Lennox , Lady Gaga , Rihanna , Lorde , Róisín Murphy , Brazilian Girls , Nile Rodgers , Santigold , Basement Jaxx and Stanka Brljevic .
Ryder specializes in fleet management , supply chain management and dedicated contracted carriage .
Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed , produced and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola .
If the drama school is part of a degree-granting institution , undergraduates typically take a Bachelor of Arts , Bachelor of Fine Arts , or , occasionally , Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Design .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
Formerly titled The Cosmopolitan , the magazine was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women 's magazine in the late 1960s .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
For each of those performances , he won an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
He has received several prizes and awards , including the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics , which he shared with Stephen Hawking for their contribution to our understanding of the universe .
Jun Ji-hyun  ( born Wang Ji-hyun on 30 October 1981 )  , also known as Gianna Jun , is a South Korean actress .
The Elizabeth Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane , typically called Arkham Asylum or simply Arkham  (  [ ˈɑrkəm ]  )  , is a fictional psychiatric hospital appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly in stories featuring the superhero Batman .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
In 2015 , she reprised her role as Lindsay in Wet Hot American Summer for the Netflix miniseries Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp .
In the 2011 summer transfer window , Lukaku joined Premier League club Chelsea .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
It is an Indo-Aryan language that is spoken mostly in eastern India , with around 40 million native speakers , as of the year 2016 , from the state of Odisha , from adjoining regions of its neighboring states and by the largely migrated Odia population across India .
Tardigrades  (  [ ˈtɑrdᵻˌgreɪd ]  also known as water bears , space bears , or moss piglets )  are water-dwelling , eight-legged , segmented micro-animals .
Following the Age of Discovery , Christianity spread to the Americas , Australasia , sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world through missionary work and colonization .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
James Joseph Parsons  ( born March 24 , 1973 )  is an American actor .
Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama and mystery series created by Marc Cherry , and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Matt Damon stars as an astronaut who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars .
Stephen Rider is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Admiral Stephen W. Rochon in the film The Butler and Eric Millworth in the series Lucky 7 .
With the possible exception of Walt Whitman , Dickinson is now recognized as the most important American poet of the 19th century .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
In Norse mythology , Loki  ( Anglicized  (  [ ˈloʊki ]  )  )  , Loptr , or Hveðrungr is a god or jötunn  ( or both )  .
Vincent Anthony Vaughn  ( born March 28 , 1970 )  is an American actor , producer , screenwriter , activist , and comedian .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
LeBron Raymone James  (  [ ləˈbrɒn ]  born December 30 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
The subgenre frequently overlaps with the related subgenre of psychological thriller , and it often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable , unreliable , or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror of the setting and plot and to provide an overall unpleasant , unsettling , or distressing atmosphere .
The Carmichael Show is an American sitcom television series created by Nicholas Stoller , Jerrod Carmichael , Ari Katcher , and Willie Hunter that premiered on August 26 , 2015 , on NBC .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Known as Maria the Pious  ( in Portugal )  , or Maria the Mad  ( in Brazil )  , she was the first undisputed Queen regnant of Portugal .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
At club level , Buffon 's professional career began with Parma in 1995 , where he made his Serie A debut , and was soon promoted to the role of starting goalkeeper , earning a reputation as one of the most promising young goalkeepers in Italy ; during his time with the club , he won the Coppa Italia , the UEFA Cup and the Supercoppa Italiana , all in 1999 .
Featuring musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman , the film stars Whoopi Goldberg as a Reno lounge singer who has been put under protective custody in a San Francisco convent of Poor Clares and has to pretend to be a nun when a mob boss puts her on his hit list .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .
She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Renaissance art is the painting , sculpture and decorative arts of that period of European history known as the Renaissance , emerging as a distinct style in Italy in about 1400 , in parallel with developments which occurred in philosophy , literature , music and science .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan .
She has appeared in several British and American films , and is known for roles such as Linda in The Pursuit of Happyness , Nyah Nordoff-Hall in Mission : Impossible 2 and Christine in Crash , for which she received a number of awards , including a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role .
Amethyst Amelia Kelly , known professionally as Iggy Azalea  (  [ ə ` zeɪliːə ]  born 7 June 1990 )  , is an Australian rapper .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
Jack Reacher  ( formerly called One Shot , or alternatively known as Jack Reacher : One Shot )  is a 2012 American action thriller film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie , based on Lee Child 's 2005 novel One Shot .
The Bravo Award is an annual award which is handed out by the Italian magazine Guerin Sportivo to the most outstanding young European footballer .
Coogan has also branched out into more dramatic roles , with What Maisie Knew , and portrayed Paul Raymond in the biopic The Look of Love .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
Tyrese Darnell Gibson  ( born December 30 , 1978 )  , also known mononymously as Tyrese , is an American Grammy-nominated singer , songwriter , actor , author , television producer , former fashion model and MTV VJ .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
Geographically located in the South Central region of the country , Texas shares borders with the U.S. states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , while the Gulf of Mexico is to the southeast .
He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis .
Bertrand Arthur William Russell , 3rd Earl Russell ,  (  [ ˈrʌsəl ]  18 May 1872 -- 2 February 1970 )  was a British philosopher , logician , mathematician , historian , writer , social critic , political activist and Nobel laureate .
She first appears as Guanhumara  ( with many spelling variants in the manuscript tradition )  in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's pseudo-historical chronicle of British history , the Historia Regum Britanniae , written circa 1136 AD .
24 is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language science fiction thriller film written and directed by Vikram Kumar .
The film stars Jones and Hilary Swank and also features Meryl Streep , Hailee Steinfeld , John Lithgow , and James Spader .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
The Syrian Desert  ( بادية الشام , bādiyat ash-shām )  also known as the Hamad , is a combination of steppe and true desert covering 500000 km2 the Middle East , covering parts of south-eastern Syria , northeastern Jordan , northern Saudi Arabia , and western Iraq .
The screenplay is written by Moira Buffini based on the 1847 novel of the same name by Charlotte Brontë .
Conan Christopher O'Brien  ( born April 18 , 1963 )  is an American television host , comedian , and television producer .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
On radio , she has played the role of Emma Grundy in the BBC 's The Archers .
`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
The film stars Amy Adams , Jake Gyllenhaal , Michael Shannon , Aaron Taylor-Johnson , Armie Hammer , Laura Linney , Andrea Riseborough , Karl Glusman , and Michael Sheen .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
It was released as the seventh single from the album on September 23 , 2008 .
John Dennis Hastert  (  [ ˈhæstərt ]  born January 2 , 1942 )  is an American former congressman who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007 , representing from 1987 to 2007 .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
Justified was nominated for eight Primetime Emmy Awards , with two wins , for Margo Martindale 's performance as Mags Bennett and Jeremy Davies ' performance as Dickie Bennett .
Enrique Martín Morales  ( born December 24 , 1971 )  , commonly known as Ricky Martin , is a Puerto Rican singer , actor and author .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
A sequel to 2015 's Pitch Perfect 2 and the third installment in the Pitch Perfect series , the film will star Anna Kendrick , Anna Camp , Rebel Wilson , Brittany Snow , Hailee Steinfeld , Alexis Knapp , Ester Dean , Hana Mae Lee , Chrissie Fit , Kelley Jakle , and Shelley Regner as the Bellas and Elizabeth Banks and John Michael Higgins .
In the 2000s , he became known for his role of Michael Bluth in the critically acclaimed sitcom Arrested Development , for which he won a Golden Globe , and a Satellite Award .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Christina María Aguilera  ( born December 18 , 1980 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
The United Kingdom consists of four countries -- England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Mickey Rooney  ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 )  was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality .
The novel won the 1997 Locus Award and was nominated for both the 1997 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award .
Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff .
Burnaby is a city in British Columbia , Canada , located immediately to the east of Vancouver .
Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945 , when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party  ( NSDAP )  .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Bob Dylan  (  [ ˈdɪlən ]  born Robert Allen Zimmerman ; May 24 , 1941 )  is an American poetic songwriter , singer , painter , writer , and Nobel prize laureate .
Nikita is an American television series that aired on The CW from September 9 , 2010 to December 27 , 2013 in the United States .
Davidson used literary , historical and archaeological evidence to discuss the stories and customs of Northern Europe .
Amsterdam  (  [ ˈæmstərdæm ,   ˌæmstərˈdæm ]   [ ɑmstərˈdɑm ]  )  is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
It reached its Golden Age of political and economic strength during the reign of King David IV and Queen Tamar the Great from 11th to 13th centuries .
Inventions by IBM include the automated teller machine  ( ATM )  , the PC , the floppy disk , the hard disk drive , the magnetic stripe card , the relational database , the SQL programming language , the UPC barcode , and dynamic random-access memory  ( DRAM )  .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
Antarctica is a desert , with annual precipitation of only 200 mm  ( 8 in )  along the coast and far less inland .
It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel , the Irish Sea , and St George 's Channel .
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  ( born November 12 , 1982 )  is an American actress and singer .
Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi  (  [ ˈmoʊ.əmɑr   ɡəˈdɑːfi ]  ; 20 October 2011 )  , commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi , was a Libyan revolutionary , politician , and political theorist .
It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south .
International Business Machines Corporation  ( commonly referred to as IBM )  is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Armonk , New York , United States , with operations in over 170 countries .
His recent films include the horror film The Woman in Black  ( 2012 )  , playing beat poet Allen Ginsberg in the independent film Kill Your Darlings  ( 2013 )  , science fiction fantasy Victor Frankenstein  ( 2015 )  and comedy-drama Swiss Army Man , heist thriller film Now You See Me 2 and thriller Imperium  ( all 2016 )  .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Victoria Loren `` Tori '' Kelly  ( born December 14 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and voice actress who slowly gained recognition after starting to post videos on YouTube at the age of 14 .
The Nile  ( النيل , Egyptian Arabic en-Nīl , Standard Arabic an-Nīl ; ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ , P  ( h )  iaro ; Ancient Egyptian : Ḥ ` pī and Iteru ; Biblical Hebrew : יאור , Ye'or )  is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa .
For those films that did not receive an initial DVD release , Paramount released simple one-disc versions with no special features .
Roald Dahl  (  [ langpronˈroʊ.əld   ˈdɑːl ]  ,  [ ˈɾuːɑl dɑl ]  ; 13 September 1916 -- 23 November 1990 )  was a British novelist , short story writer , poet , screenwriter , and fighter pilot .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
He is a member of the Republican Party .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Starring Catherine Zeta-Jones , Aaron Eckhart and Abigail Breslin , the screenplay by Carol Fuchs is an adaptation of an original script by Sandra Nettelbeck , which served as the basis for the 2001 German film Mostly Martha , and revolves around a hard-edged chef whose life is turned upside down when she decides to take in her young niece following a tragic accident that killed her sister .
He also hosts a talk show , which airs on radio and television .
Principal photography began on November 17 , 2015 in Vancouver .
The Boeing 777 is a family of long-range wide-body twin-engine jet airliners developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
The attacks killed 2,996 people , injured over 6,000 others , and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
Ryder System , Inc. , or Ryder , is an American-based provider of transportation and supply chain management products , and is especially known for its fleet of rental trucks .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Franco  ( born April 14 , 1980 )  is an American actor , artist and the founder of the Firehouse Art Collective in Berkeley , California .
Mary Louise `` Meryl '' Streep  ( born June 22 , 1949 )  is an American actress and philanthropist .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
It is bordered to the northwest by Armenia , the de facto Republic of Artsakh and Azerbaijan ; to the north by the Caspian Sea ; to the northeast by Turkmenistan ; to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan ; to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman ; and to the west by Turkey and Iraq .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
He has appeared in a number of films in the 1990s , including the sports film Rudy  ( 1993 )  , the sci-fi adventure dinosaur film The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , and the drama-thriller Return to Paradise  ( 1998 )  .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad  ( 2007 )  .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise , centered on a film series created by George Lucas .
Amaze Entertainment was a video game developer from the United States that developed over 100 games in its ten-year history  ( selling nearly 40 million units )  , for several video game platforms , with headquarters located in Kirkland , Washington .
He gained national attention as the chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee from 1957 to 1959 , where he publicly challenged Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa over the corrupt practices of its union and authored The Enemy Within , a book about corruption in organized labor .
The municipality of Detroit had a 2015 estimated population of 677,116 , making it the 21st-most populous city in the United States .
As a record chart hit in several countries and the opening number on the Experience 's debut American album , it was many people 's first exposure to Hendrix 's psychedelic rock sound .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Guinevere  (  [ ˈɡwɪnᵻvɪər ]  Gwenhwyfar Gwenivar )  , often written as Guenevere or Gwenevere , is , in Arthurian legend , the wife of King Arthur .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
She made her professional film debut in his 1976 remake of the 1933 action-adventure classic King Kong , for which she won her first Golden Globe Award , for New Star of the Year .
He has had supporting roles in films such as I Love You , Man , Date Night , Get Him to the Greek , Dinner for Shmucks , and A Good Old Fashioned Orgy and more prominent roles in films such as Adult Beginners , Joshy , My Blind Brother , Sausage Party , and Loving .
Sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body characterized by altered consciousness , relatively inhibited sensory activity , inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles , and reduced interactions with surroundings .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
She married Thomas Quiney , a vintner of Stratford-upon-Avon .
Jacinda Barrett  ( born August 2 , 1972 )  , an Australian-American actress and former model , first became known to audiences as a cast member on The Real World : London  ( 1995 )  before appearing in films such as The Human Stain  ( 2003 )  , Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason  ( 2004 )  , Ladder 49  ( 2004 )  , The Namesake  ( 2006 )  , Poseidon  ( 2006 )  , and The Last Kiss  ( 2006 )  .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
She also appears regularly as a contributor and guest co-host on NBC 's Today .
Freud lived and worked in Vienna , having set up his clinical practice there in 1886 .
The Evil Queen , also known as the Wicked Queen or just the Queen , and sometimes instead identified by her given name as Queen Grimhilde , is the primary antagonist in Disney 's 1937 animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and a villain character in the extended Disney 's Snow White franchise .
The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1984 .
Her off-screen roles include duties as a brand ambassador for several charity organisations and campaigns .
As an active military leader , Roosevelt implemented a war strategy on two fronts that ended in the defeat of the Axis Powers , and he initiated the development of the world 's first atomic bomb .
Brandon Bruce Lee  ( February 1 , 1965 -- March 31 , 1993 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
In 2002 , she made her Hollywood film debut in the comedy The Hot Chick .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
`` What a Girl Wants '' is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera , taken from her self-titled debut album  ( 1999 )  .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls .
Having appeared in the children 's television series Barney & Friends while growing up , she rose to fame playing the role of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
It is one of eight B vitamins .
At age 11 , he was cast as Harry Potter in the first Harry Potter film , and starred in the series for 10 years until the release of the eighth and final film in 2011 .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
James Mangold  ( born December 16 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director , screenwriter and producer .
It had special sneak previews in the Philippines on August 16 and 17 , 2015 , as well as multiple pre-screenings throughout the United States before its official release on August 26 , 2015 by The Weinstein Company .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
Evan Goldberg  ( born May 11 , 1982 )  is a Canadian screenwriter , film producer , and director .
Today it has UNESCO World Heritage Site status and is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Italy , with approximately 2.5 million visitors every year .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
The band was founded in September 1995 by percussionist Shawn Crahan and bassist Paul Gray .
iO , or iO Chicago ,  ( formerly known as `` ImprovOlympic '' )  is an improv theater and training center in central Chicago , with a branch in Los Angeles called iO West .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The film is about the lives of wealthy Los Angeles , California teenagers whose exposure to hip hop culture inspires them to imitate the gangster lifestyle .
The body consists of the Canadian monarch , represented by a viceroy , the governor general ; an upper house : the Senate ; and a lower house : the House of Commons .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
Denial is a 2016 British-American historical drama film directed by Mick Jackson and written by David Hare , based on Deborah Lipstadt 's book History on Trial : My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier .
She portrayed Alexandra Borgia on the drama series Law & Order .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
Jonas began acting in theater at the age of seven , and released his debut single in 2002 .
Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10 % of Texas ' land area is desert .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created and designed by Swedish game designer Markus `` Notch '' Persson , and later fully developed and published by Mojang .
Broad Green Pictures is an American film production , financing , and distribution company .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
Based on the non-fiction book The Honest Courtesan by Margaret Rosenthal , the film is about Veronica Franco , a courtesan in sixteenth-century Venice who becomes a hero to her city , but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the Church for witchcraft .
When she was 16 , Kelly auditioned for the singing competition television series American Idol .
Blake has also released remix work under the moniker Harmonimix .
Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
Paris hosts the annual French Open Grand Slam tennis tournament on the red clay of Roland Garros .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
The album became an instant commercial success in the United States , selling 1.1 million copies in its first week .
Jennings , a transgender teenage girl , is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender , and for being the youngest person to become a national transgender figure .
After his death in 1972 , in recognition of his achievements on and off the field , Robinson was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal and Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Tatiana Gabriele Maslany  ( born September 22 , 1985 )  is a Canadian actress .
He has served in the administrations of five U.S. Presidents and was a candidate for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination .
Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing over 20 million visitors per year .
Ryder specializes in fleet management , supply chain management and dedicated contracted carriage .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
Bangladesh  (  [ bæŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ ˌbɑːŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ : bn : বাংলাদেশ , বাংলাদেশ ]  ,  [ ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ ]  , lit .
Android has been the best-selling OS on tablets since 2013 , and runs on the vast majority of smartphones .
Christians believe him to be the Son of God and the awaited Messiah  ( Christ )  prophesied in the Old Testament .
As a result of being born to Australian parents in Hawaii , Kidman has dual citizenship in Australia and the United States .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Paulo Bruno Exequiel Dybala  (  [ ˈpaulo ðiˈβala ]  ; born 15 November 1993 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Argentina national team .
Pratt achieved leading man status after starring in two commercially successful films in 2014 : computer-animated adventure comedy The Lego Movie and Marvel Studios superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy  ( in which he portrayed Star-Lord )  .
He produced The Departed  ( 2006 )  and 12 Years a Slave  ( 2013 )  , both of which won the Academy Award for Best Picture , and also The Tree of Life , Moneyball , and The Big Short  ( 2015 )  , all of which garnered Best Picture nominations .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver .
Avram Noam Chomsky  (  [ æ ` vrɑːm   ` noʊm ˈtʃɒmski ]  ; born December 7 , 1928 )  is an American linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , historian , social critic , and political activist .
She is known for her role as Donna Pinciotti in all eight seasons of the Fox sitcom That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2006 )  , and for her role as Alex Vause in the Netflix original comedy-drama series Orange Is the New Black  ( 2013 -- present )  .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
The song won an Academy Award , a Grammy Award , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song , as well as the Brit Award for British Single of the Year .
`` Thinkin Bout You '' is a song by American singer Frank Ocean , released as the lead single from his debut studio album Channel Orange  ( 2012 )  .
With an estimated 704,352 residents , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America .
The first winner of the award was Englishman Jimmy Case .
Zhou served along with Chairman Mao Zedong and was instrumental in the Communist Party 's rise to power , and later in consolidating its control , forming foreign policy , and developing the Chinese economy .
Born and raised in Swansea , Zeta-Jones aspired to be an actress from a young age .
In Hebrew-language texts , the term lilith or lilit  ( translated as `` night creatures '' , `` night monster '' , `` night hag '' , or `` screech owl '' )  first occurs in a list of animals in Isaiah 34:14 , either in singular or plural form according to variations in the earliest manuscripts .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
The band 's eighth studio album , 21st Century Breakdown , was released in 2009 and achieved the band 's best chart performance to date .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
He founded the Akhmat Fight Club and established annual freestyle wrestling international tournament Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup .
Samuel Stewart `` Sam '' Witwer  ( born October 20 , 1977 )  is an American actor and musician .
A seven-time Emmy Award nominee , Hunter won Emmys for Roe vs. Wade  ( 1989 )  and The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom  ( 1993 )  .
Matt Dillon was particularly praised for his performance and received Academy Award , BAFTA , Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Howard also wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times , The New Yorker and Vanity Fair .
Justin Drew Bieber  (  [ ˈbiːbər ]  born March 1 , 1994 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
His portrayal of Dicky Eklund in the David O. Russell-directed biographical film The Fighter  ( 2010 )  , earned him critical acclaim and a number of awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
The surviving band members reformed in 1987 for a reunion tour with lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant , the younger brother of lead singer and founder Ronnie Van Zant .
Legion stars in his own TV series of the same name where he is portrayed by Dan Stevens .
It has the densest atmosphere of the four terrestrial planets , consisting of more than 96 % carbon dioxide .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
It affects people of all ages .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
Lavigne has scored six number-one singles worldwide , including `` Complicated '' , `` Sk8er Boi '' , `` I 'm with You '' , `` My Happy Ending '' , `` Nobody 's Home '' , and `` Girlfriend '' .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
RMS Titanic  (  [ taɪˈtænɪk ]  )  was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in the early morning of 15 April 1912 , after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City .
Upon returning to Tennessee , he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court , serving from 1798 until 1804 .
The series is set in Atlantic City , New Jersey during the Prohibition era and stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson .
After singing in church during her childhood , she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
It became a blockbuster success , being acclaimed by critics who praised its nonlinear narrative structure and motifs of memory , perception , grief , and self-deception , and earning $ 39.7 million over a $ 9 million budget .
Huffman began her acting career in theatre and in the 1990s also had many supporting roles in film and television .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Released on August 2 , 2010 , it is the first single from their fourth studio album , A Thousand Suns , which was released on September 8 , 2010 .
Francis `` Frank '' Arthur Sedgman , AM  ( born 29 October 1927 )  is a retired former World No. 1 amateur tennis champion .
She later appeared in the coming of age drama Mermaids  ( 1990 )  , earning a Golden Globe nomination , and in the same year appeared alongside Johnny Depp in Burton 's dark fairy-tale Edward Scissorhands  ( 1990 )  , and shortly thereafter with Keanu Reeves in Francis Ford Coppola 's gothic romance Bram Stoker 's Dracula  ( 1992 )  .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
The song was written by Gaga in ten minutes as `` a happy record '' .
Lions are unusually social compared to other cats .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
She is best known for her role as Denise Huxtable -- Kendall on the NBC sitcom , The Cosby Show  ( 1984 -- 92 )  and originally starring in its spinoff comedy , A Different World for its first season  ( 1987 -- 88 )  .
It is the sequel to 2013 's The Conjuring and the third film in The Conjuring franchise .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
The Incas built the estate around 1450 but abandoned it a century later at the time of the Spanish Conquest .
The Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati is one of the world 's most visited religious sites , with 18.25 million visitors per year .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
Poland is a unitary state divided into 16 administrative subdivisions , covering an area of 312679 km2 with a mostly temperate climate .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal , Mélanie Laurent and Sarah Gadon and revolves around two men who are physically identical .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Ballet Shoes is a 2007 British television film , adapted by Heidi Thomas from Noel Streatfeild 's 1936 novel Ballet Shoes .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
Harald V  (  [ ˈhɑrːɑɫ ]  ; born 21 February 1937 )  is the King of Norway , having ascended the throne following the death of his father on 17 January 1991 .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Juliette Binoche  (  [ ʒyljɛt binɔʃ ]  ; born 9 March 1964 )  is a French actress , artist and dancer .
Hiddleston has also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's War Horse  ( 2011 )  , The Deep Blue Sea  ( 2011 )  , Woody Allen 's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris  ( 2011 )  , the 2012 BBC series Henry IV and Henry V , and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive  ( 2013 )  .
Sarcoidosis was first described in 1877 by the English doctor Jonathan Hutchinson as a non painful skin disease .
For other uses , see Denmark  ( disambiguation )  .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Margaret Ruth `` Margot '' Kidder  ( born October 17 , 1948 )  is a Canadian American actress and activist .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
The General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina , also known as the Dayton Agreement , Dayton Accords , Paris Protocol or Dayton-Paris Agreement , is the peace agreement reached at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton , Ohio , United States , in November 1995 , and formally signed in Paris on 14 December 1995 .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Paul Mantee  ( January 9 , 1931 -- November 7 , 2013 )  was an American film and television actor .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
Judith Eva Barsi  ( June 6 , 1978 -- July 25 , 1988 )  was an American child actress in the mid - to late 1980s .
A double album , it was released posthumously following his death on March 9 , 1997 .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final novel of the Harry Potter series , written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Alexander Yevgenievich Lebedev  (  [ Алекса́ндр Евге́ньевич Ле́бедев , p = ɐlʲɪˈksandr jɪvˈɡʲenʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ˈlʲebʲɪdʲɪf ]  born 16 December 1959 )  is a Russian businessman , referred to as one of the Russian oligarchs .
Clarence Thomas  ( born June 23 , 1948 )  is an American judge , lawyer , and government official who currently serves as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .
Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin , the character first appeared in Iron Man # 55  ( February 1973 )  .
A phylogenetic tree or evolutionary tree is a branching diagram or `` tree '' showing the inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species or other entities -- their phylogeny -- based upon similarities and differences in their physical or genetic characteristics .
Jeffrey Leon Bridges  ( born December 4 , 1949 )  is an American actor , singer , and producer .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
The province is Canada 's most linguistically homogeneous , with 97.6 % of residents reporting English  ( Newfoundland English )  as their mother tongue in the 2006 census .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
The Crown is a biographical drama television series , created and written by Peter Morgan and produced by Left Bank Pictures and Sony Pictures Television for Netflix .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
fi
Other notable television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine , which had a five-season run on CBS , and her role as Selina Meyer in Veep , which has recently been renewed by HBO for a sixth season .
He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Though he had considered running for president again in 1920 , Roosevelt 's health continued to deteriorate , and he died in 1919 .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades , she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism .
The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the largest city is New York City ; nine other major metropolitan areas -- each with at least 4.5 million inhabitants and the largest having more than 13 million people -- are Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , Philadelphia , Miami , Atlanta , Boston , and San Francisco .
In the US , he received five platinum and seven gold certifications .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
It was also the first NBA Finals broadcast by NBC after 17 years with CBS .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Mexico  ( México ,  [ ˈme.xi.ko ]  , modern Nahuatl )  , officially the United Mexican States  (  [ Estados Unidos Mexicanos , links = no ]  , )  , is a federal republic in the southern portion of North America .
The Inhumans are a fictional race of superhumans appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
Douglas Anthony Ducey  [ ˈduːsi ]   ( born April 9 , 1964 )  is an American businessman and politician who is the 23rd and current governor of the U.S. State of Arizona .
It was produced by Granada Productions  ( formerly Granada Television )  and premiered on BBC One on 26 December 2007 .
It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support , but in August 2014 the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive , and was released worldwide in August 2015 .
He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide .
In Algonquian folklore , the wendigo or windigo is a cannibal monster or evil spirit native to the northern forests of the Atlantic Coast and Great Lakes Region of both the United States and Canada .
Jon Meade Huntsman Jr.  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American politician , businessman , and diplomat who served as the 16th Governor of Utah from 2005 to 2009 , and as United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1992 to 1993 , and China from 2009 to 2011 .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
It was also nominated for nine BAFTA awards , and won two , for Best Original Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress for Thandie Newton .
The serendipitous presence within the region of Florence in the early 15th century of certain individuals of artistic genius , most notably Masaccio , Brunelleschi , Ghiberti , Piero della Francesca , Donatello and Michelozzo formed an ethos out of which sprang the great masters of the High Renaissance , as well as supporting and encouraging many lesser artists to achieve work of extraordinary quality .
The series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends , who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord 's war against the other three nations .
Kristen Anne Bell  ( born July 18 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
After studying improv at Chicago 's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s , she went to New York City in 1996 to become part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade .
The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity .
Daddy Yankee 's album Barrio Fino made history when it became the top selling Latin music album of the decade between 2000-2009 .
Barbara Bush  ( née Pierce ; born June 8 , 1925 )  is the wife of George H. W. Bush , the 41st President of the United States , and served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
 ( 1990 )  , Everybody Wins  ( 1990 )  , Cape Fear  ( 1991 )  , Lorenzo 's Oil  ( 1992 )  , The Thin Red Line  ( 1998 )  , Hulk  ( 2003 )  , The Good Thief  ( 2003 )  , Hotel Rwanda  ( 2004 )  , Tropic Thunder  ( 2008 )  , A Walk in the Woods  ( 2015 )  and The Ridiculous 6  ( 2015 )  .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
In 2008 , she married her longtime girlfriend Portia de Rossi .
Director Ed Boon also sought to incorporate gameplay mechanics used by multiplayer shooter games , such as personalization , character creation , loot , and leveling up , into the fighting game genre , which led to the development of the Gear System .
It is the area where the relics of St. Peter were venerated in early medieval times , before his skull was removed to be housed at the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers  ( 1997 )  and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King  ( 1999 )  .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance .
After various modeling work , he made his acting debut as Leo du Pres on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and later starred as Danny McCoy on NBC 's Las Vegas .
Logan Wade Lerman  ( born January 19 , 1992 )  is an American actor , known for playing the title role in the fantasy-adventure Percy Jackson films .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
Winona Ryder  ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 )  is an American actress .
Wayne 's eighth album I Am Not a Human Being  ( 2010 )  , was released during his incarceration .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
Coronary artery disease  ( CAD )  , also known as ischemic heart disease  ( IHD )  , is a group of diseases that includes : stable angina , unstable angina , myocardial infarction , and sudden cardiac death .
The Right Stuff stars Ed Harris , Scott Glenn , Sam Shepard , Fred Ward , Dennis Quaid and Barbara Hershey .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
The book was published by RazorBill , a young adult imprint of Penguin Books .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Glen Travis Campbell  ( born April 22 , 1936 )  is an American rock and country music singer , musician , songwriter , television host and actor .
It was first released in 2011 and by 2017 it was one of the largest standalone messaging apps by monthly active users , with over 938 million active users .
The story follows two friends , Mike and Scott , as they embark on a journey of personal discovery that takes them to Mike 's hometown in Idaho and then to Italy in search of Mike 's mother .
The episodes are in various genres , including psychological horror , fantasy , science fiction , suspense , and psychological thriller ; and often conclude with a macabre or unexpected twist , and usually with a moral .
Cher  (  [ ˈʃɛər ]  born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 )  is an American singer and actress .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
The most common symptoms are coughing  ( including coughing up blood )  , weight loss , shortness of breath , and chest pains .
The World Bank 's  ( the IBRD and IDA 's )  activities are focused on developing countries , in fields such as human development  ( e.g. education , health )  , agriculture and rural development  ( e.g. irrigation and rural services )  , environmental protection  ( e.g. pollution reduction , establishing and enforcing regulations )  , infrastructure  ( e.g. roads , urban regeneration , and electricity )  , large industrial construction projects , and governance  ( e.g. anti-corruption , legal institutions development )  .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Under the principle of `` one country , two systems '' , Hong Kong maintains a separate political and economic system from China .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
David Judah Simon  ( born February 9 , 1960 )  is an American author , journalist , writer , and producer .
Kazakhstan  (  [ USkæzækˈstæn ,   ˌkɑːzɑːkˈstɑːn ]  ,  [ ˌkæzəkˈstɑːn ,   - ˈstæn ]  Қазақстан , tr .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa , with modern wolves not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated .
In Algonquian folklore , the wendigo or windigo is a cannibal monster or evil spirit native to the northern forests of the Atlantic Coast and Great Lakes Region of both the United States and Canada .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Jacqueline Marie `` Jackie '' Evancho  (  [ iːˈvæŋkoʊ ]  ; born April 9 , 2000 )  is an American classical crossover singer who gained wide recognition at an early age and , since 2009 , has issued an EP and seven albums , including a platinum and gold album and three Billboard 200 top 10 debuts .
The film stars Eva Green , Asa Butterfield , Chris O'Dowd , Allison Janney , Rupert Everett , Terence Stamp , Ella Purnell with Judi Dench and Samuel L. Jackson .
He was the last king of the House of York and the last of the Plantagenet dynasty .
Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war drama film set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
Medina  (  [ məˈdiːnə ]  المدينة المنورة , , `` the radiant city '' ; or المدينة ,  (  [ almaˈdiːna ]  )  , `` the city '' )  , also transliterated as Madīnah , is a city in the Hejaz region of Saudi Arabia that is also the capital of the Al Madinah Region .
Starting out in 1963 with the group the Wailers , he forged a distinctive songwriting and vocal style that would later resonate with audiences worldwide .
Boyz II Men is an American R&B vocal group from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , best known for emotional ballads and acappella harmonies .
The Ten Commandments , also known as the Decalogue , are a set of biblical laws relating to ethics and worship , which play a fundamental role in Judaism , Christianity , and Islam .
Jawaharlal Nehru  (  [ ˈneɪruː ,   ˈnɛruː ]   [ ˈdʒəʋaːɦərˈlaːl ˈneːɦru ]  ; 14 November 1889 -- 27 May 1964 )  was the first Prime Minister of India and a central figure in Indian politics before and after independence .
Stagira  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrə ]  )  , Stagirus  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrəs ]  )  , or Stageira  ( Στάγειρα or Στάγειρος )  was an ancient Greek city , located in central Macedonia , near the eastern coast of the peninsula of Chalkidice , and is chiefly known for being the birthplace of Aristotle , who was a Greek philosopher and polymath , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh .
It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26 , 2016 , as the third single from the album .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively .
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades , becoming acclaimed by critics and other musicians for his innovative work .
The film starred N. T. Rama Rao Jr. as Lord Rama .
Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , released on March 25 , 1997 , on Bad Boy Records .
She appeared in 1998 's Disturbing Behavior , a thriller , which won her an MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance .
He is the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries , the digital division of Legendary Entertainment .
He is the founder of Apatow Productions , through which he produced and developed the television series Freaks and Geeks , Undeclared , Girls , Love , Crashing and directed the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin  ( 2005 )  , Knocked Up  ( 2007 )  , Funny People  ( 2009 )  , This Is 40  ( 2012 )  , and Trainwreck  ( 2015 )  .
It operates stores in 49 states , Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands , and Guam  ( which houses the world 's largest Kmart )  .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins , Sons and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company on 19 June 1926 .
The plot focuses on a group of baby boomer college friends who reunite after 15 years when one of their old comrades , Alex , commits suicide without warning .
System of a Down , sometimes shortened to SOAD or System , is an heavy metal band from Glendale , California , formed in 1994 .
Delmar Drew Arnaud  ( born May 25 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Daz Dillinger  ( formerly Dat Nigga Daz )  , is an American rapper and record producer from Long Beach , California .
Jesus was a Galilean Jew who was baptized by John the Baptist and subsequently began his own ministry , preaching his message orally and often being referred to as `` rabbi '' .
Her music is described as downcast electronic pop with bass-heavy , trap-style rap production .
She is known for her role as Stacey Sutton in the James Bond film A View to a Kill  ( 1985 )  , and as Midge Pinciotti on That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
His poems are known for their irony , characterization , dark humour , social commentary , historical settings , and challenging vocabulary and syntax .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
Zeus  [ ˈzju : s ]   ( Ζεύς , Zeús ,  [ zdeǔ̯s ]  Modern Δίας , Días  [ ˈði.as ]  )  is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus .
Asteroid Day  ( also known as International Asteroid Day )  is an annual global event that aims to raise awareness about asteroids and what can be done to protect the Earth , its families , communities , and future generations .
The scope of international relations comprehends globalization , diplomatic relations , state sovereignty , international security , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , as well as terrorism and organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism , and human rights , as well , as , more recently , comparative religion .
Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman , co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe , and Morgan Freeman .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
Carmelo Kyam Anthony  ( born May 29 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
It is closely related to the Frisian languages , but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages , as well as by Latin and Romance languages , particularly French .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
Moscow is a major political , economic , cultural , and scientific centre of Russia and Eastern Europe , as well as the largest city entirely on the European continent .
He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath , Alice Cooper , Lita Ford , Badlands , and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
Equidae  ( sometimes known as the horse family )  is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils .
The Shield is an American crime drama television series starring Michael Chiklis that premiered on March 12 , 2002 , on FX in the United States , and concluded on November 25 , 2008 , after seven seasons .
As a botanist and cartographer he left his mark , giving his name to several seaweeds , plants and shrubs , and places such as D'Urville Island .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Lyme disease , also known as Lyme borreliosis , is an infectious disease caused by bacteria of the Borrelia type .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .
Water strictly refers to the liquid state of that substance , that prevails at standard ambient temperature and pressure ; but it often refers also to its solid state  ( ice )  or its gaseous state  ( steam or water vapor )  .
Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , that will play in the Premier League , the top tier of English football , after winning the Championship title in 2017 .
Following appearances in several television commercials , she entered the Miss India pageant , in which she placed second .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
After leaving WWE in 2006 , Angle joined Total Nonstop Action Wrestling  ( TNA , now Impact Wrestling )  where he became a record six-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion  ( and the inaugural titleholder )  , a two-time TNA World Tag Team Champion , and a one-time TNA X Division Champion .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Kiara Saulters  ( born May 24 , 1995 )  , known professionally as Kiiara , is an American singer and songwriter from Wilmington , Illinois .
`` The country of Bengal '' )  , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Katherine Marie Heigl  (  [ ˈhaɪɡəl ]  born November 24 , 1978 )  is an American actress , film producer and former fashion model .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Sean John Combs  ( born November 4 , 1969 )  , also known by his stage names Puff Daddy , Puffy , P. Diddy and Diddy , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , actor , record producer and entrepreneur .
Céline Marie Claudette Dion ,  (  [ ˈdiːɒn ]   [ seˈlɪn dziˈjɔ̃ ]  ; born 30 March 1968 )  is a Canadian singer and businesswoman .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Collin studied aesthetics and the philosophy of film at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , He edited the university 's student newspaper , The Saint .
Trump 's father , Frederick , died when Trump was 13 years old .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
One of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust , she gained fame posthumously following the publication of The Diary of a Young Girl  ( originally Het Achterhuis ; The Secret Annex )  , in which she documents her life in hiding from 1942 to 1944 , during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .
The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate  ( ایلخانان , Ilkhānān ; Хүлэгийн улс , Hulagu-yn Ulus )  , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
Lahore  (  [ lə ` hɔər ]  )   (  [ ,  [ )  is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab .
Serbia  (  [ ˈsɜrbiə ]  , Србија / Srbija ,  [ sř̩bija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Serbia  ( Република Србија / Republika Srbija )  , is a landlocked sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe , covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
The Olympic Games are considered the world 's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating .
Cupid is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC from March 31 to June 16 , 2009 and was broadcast Tuesdays at 10:02 PM Eastern/9 :02 PM Central .
The series is centered around Black Bolt , with Anson Mount in the role , and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family .
She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom  ( 1995 )  along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  ( born November 12 , 1982 )  is an American actress and singer .
Simpson , along with his producing partner Jerry Bruckheimer , produced such hit films as Flashdance  ( 1983 )  , Beverly Hills Cop  ( 1984 )  , Top Gun  ( 1986 )  , and The Rock  ( 1996 )  .
This was the second major war between Carthage and the Roman Republic and its allied Italic socii , with the crucial participation of Numidian-Berber armies and tribes on both sides .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
Alandi  ( Marathi : आळंदी )  is a town and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Bale went on to receive greater commercial recognition for his starring role as Batman in Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins  ( 2005 )  , The Dark Knight  ( 2008 )  and The Dark Knight Rises  ( 2012 )  .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins .
Johnny Mnemonic is a 1995 Canadian-American cyberpunk action thriller film directed by Robert Longo in his directorial debut .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
Samuel Henry John Worthington  ( born 2 August 1976 )  is a British-born Australian actor .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
John Nash  ( 18 January 1752 -- 13 May 1835 )  was a British architect responsible for much of the layout of Regency London under the patronage of the Prince Regent , and during his reign as George IV .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Islam  (  [ ˈɪslɑːm ]  There are ten pronunciations of Islam in English , differing in whether the first or second syllable has the stress , whether the s is  [ slinkz ]  or  [ slinks ]  , and whether the a is pronounced  [ slinkɑː ]  ,  [ slinkæ ]  or  ( when the stress is on the first syllable )   [ slinkə ]   ( Merriam Webster )  .
Irwin achieved worldwide fame from the television series The Crocodile Hunter , an internationally broadcast wildlife documentary series which he co-hosted with his wife Terri .
His highly publicized home invasion crime spree terrorized the residents of the greater Los Angeles area , and later the residents of the San Francisco area , from June 1984 until August 1985 .
The series starred real-life brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans .
Intimacy is an international co-production among production companies in France , the U.K. , Germany , and Spain featuring a soundtrack of pop songs from the 1970s and 1980s .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
In 2007 , Vedder released his first solo album as a soundtrack for the film Into the Wild  ( 2007 )  .
The character was created by Dennis O'Neil and Neal Adams , and first appeared in Green Lantern # 87  ( December 1971 )  .
The band experienced multiple line-up changes , with Iommi being the only constant member throughout its history .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
Rebecca Maria Hall  ( born 3 May 1982 )  is an English-American actress .
It was released in theaters on August 1 , 2014 in the United States in the 3D and IMAX 3D formats .
Stiller , Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Black star as a group of prima donna actors who are making a fictional Vietnam War film .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing  ( 1969 )  , Myra Breckinridge  ( 1970 )  , Logan 's Run  ( 1976 )  , Sunburn  ( 1979 )  , Saturn 3  ( 1980 )  , The Cannonball Run  ( 1981 )  , Extremities  ( 1986 )  , The Apostle  ( 1997 )  , and Dr. T & the Women  ( 2000 )  .
On October 18 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series through its thirteenth season .
The son of Romani witch Cynthia Von Doom , Doctor Doom traditionally has been the archenemy of the Fantastic Four , and the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria .
In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Impeachment is the process by which a legislative body formally levels charges against a high official of government .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
 (  [ jəˈmɑːhə ]  or  [ ˈjɑːməhə ]   [ jamaha ]  )  is a Japanese multinational corporation and conglomerate based in Japan with a very wide range of products and services , predominantly musical instruments , electronics , motorcycles and power sports equipment .
She is known for playing Betty Rizzo in the film Grease  ( 1978 )  and First Lady Abbey Bartlet on the NBC television series The West Wing  ( 1999 -- 2006 )  .
The Weeknd  ( born Abel Makkonen Tesfaye ; February 16 , 1990 )  is a Canadian singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
On June 29 , 2009 , Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .
Humans may suffer from various sleep disorders , including dyssomnias , such as insomnia , hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and sleep apnea ; parasomnias , such as sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder ; bruxism ; and circadian rhythm sleep disorders .
She was later cast as Padmé Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( released in 1999 , 2002 and 2005 )  .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park , New York .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
White has appeared in several films including Beautiful Ohio , The Speed of Life , Afterschool and Twelve , currently filming `` Shotgun ''
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
Buzz Aldrin  ( born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. , January 20 , 1930 )  is an American engineer and former astronaut .
Naomi Grace Scott  ( born 6 May 1993 )  is an English actress and singer .
She is best known for her roles in television dramas My Husband Got a Family  ( 2012 )  , Jang Bo-ri is Here !
, often referred to as simply Code Geass , is a Japanese anime series created by Sunrise , directed by Gorō Taniguchi , and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi , with original character designs by manga authors Clamp .
Dean Martin  ( born Dino Paul Crocetti ; June 7 , 1917 -- December 25 , 1995 )  was an Italian-American singer , actor , comedian , and film producer .
Escape from Planet Earth is a 2013 Canadian-American 3D computer animated science fiction-comedy film produced by Rainmaker Entertainment and distributed by The Weinstein Company in the United States and Alliance Films in Canada , directed by Cal Brunker which he co-wrote with Bob Barlen , and starring the voices of Rob Corddry , Brendan Fraser , Sarah Jessica Parker , William Shatner , Jessica Alba , Craig Robinson , George Lopez , Jane Lynch and Sofía Vergara .
Indian  ( Tamil : இந்தியன் )  is a 1996 Indian Tamil vigilante crime thriller film written and directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Leslie Marian Uggams  ( born May 25 , 1943 )  is an American actress and singer .
The team has played in four Super Bowl games , but lost each one .
Marvel 's The Avengers  ( classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland )  , or simply The Avengers , is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The four largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht  ( collectively known as G4 )  .
The word comes from Middle French mole , ultimately from Latin mōlēs , meaning a large mass , especially of rock , and it has the same root as molecule .
It stars Aaron Poole as deputy Daniel Carter , Kenneth Welsh as Dr. Powell , Daniel Fathers as Vincent , Kathleen Munroe as Allison , and Ellen Wong as Kim .
He has appeared in more than 70 films .
Carmelo Kyam Anthony  ( born May 29 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
The company was founded in 1925 as the entertainment-related publishing division of Japanese publisher Shogakukan .
With his brothers , Robin and Maurice Gibb , he formed a songwriting partnership beginning in 1966 .
Robert Lee Yates Jr.  ( born May 27 , 1952 )  is an American serial killer from Spokane , Washington .
One of the biggest movie stars in Hollywood , Cruise starred in several more successful films in the 1980s , including the dramas The Color of Money  ( 1986 )  , Cocktail  ( 1988 )  , Rain Man  ( 1988 )  , and Born on the Fourth of July  ( 1989 )  .
Since releasing his first hit song , `` Piano Man '' , in 1973 , Joel has become the sixth best-selling recording artist and the third best-selling solo artist in the United States .
From 2010 to 2013 , she was a main cast member of the Showtime series The Big C.
A ministate or microstate is a sovereign state having a very small population or very small land area , and usually both .
Upon joining TNA in June 2005 , he embarked on an 19-month-long undefeated streak , and went on to hold the TNA World Heavyweight Championship once , the TNA X Division Championship five times , the TNA World Tag Team Championship twice , and the TNA Television Championship once ; completing the TNA Triple Crown and the TNA Grand Slam .
It recounts the struggles of boxer `` Midge '' Kelly fighting his own demons while working to achieve success in the boxing ring .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish -- American War , raised protective tariffs to promote American industry , and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals .
Shortly before his execution -- after more than a decade of denials -- he confessed to 30 homicides committed in seven states between 1974 and 1978 .
After publishing several short stories in the late 1950s and early 1960s , he began composing the novels for which he is best known : V.  ( 1963 )  , The Crying of Lot 49  ( 1966 )  , Gravity 's Rainbow  ( 1973 )  , and Mason & Dixon  ( 1997 )  .
It is an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller ones such as Mona , Culebra , and Vieques .
Thirteen Reasons Why is a 2007 young adult novel written by Jay Asher .
Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London .
Fences is a 2016 American period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and written by August Wilson , based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name  ( Wilson died in 2005 , but completed a screenplay before his death )  .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
The Inhumans first appeared in Fantastic Four # 45  ( December 1965 )  , though members Medusa and Gorgon appeared in earlier issues of that series  ( # 36 and # 44 , respectively )  .
The town lends its name to the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
It features American rapper Jay Z , who co-wrote the song with its producers Tricky Stewart and Kuk Harrell , with additional writing from The-Dream .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
Hilary Swank  ( born July 30 , 1974 )  is an American actress and producer .
Tetris  ( , pronounced  [ ˈtɛtrʲɪs ]  )  is a tile-matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
William Henry Gates III  ( born October 28 , 1955 )  is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .
He portrays a young Bruce Wayne in Fox 's TV series Gotham , based on the DC Comics alter ego of the superhero Batman .
Nicolas Kim Coppola  ( born January 7 , 1964 )  , known professionally as Nicolas Cage , is an American actor and producer .
He appeared in several other of Nolan 's films including The Prestige  ( 2006 )  , Inception  ( 2010 )  , and Interstellar  ( 2014 )  .
The most successful of these films include Bloodsport  ( 1988 )  , Kickboxer  ( 1989 )  , Lionheart  ( 1990 )  , Double Impact  ( 1991 )  , Universal Soldier  ( 1992 )  , Hard Target  ( 1993 )  , Street Fighter  ( 1994 )  , Timecop  ( 1994 )  , Sudden Death  ( 1995 )  , JCVD  ( 2008 )  and The Expendables 2  ( 2012 )  .
Melanie Thandiwe `` Thandie '' Newton  (  [ ˈtændi ]  born 6 November 1972 )  is an English actress .
Henman played a serve-and-volley style of tennis .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon .
He appears in the first two volumes of The Lord of the Rings  ( The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers )  , and is mentioned in the last volume , The Return of the King .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Jennings , a transgender teenage girl , is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender , and for being the youngest person to become a national transgender figure .
The Getaway is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released through Warner Bros. on June 17 , 2016 .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Shahid Kapoor  (  [ ʃaːɦɪd̪ kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 25 February 1981 )  , also known as Shahid Khattar , is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films .
Legion  ( David Charles Haller )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Terminator Genisys is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Alan Taylor and written by Laeta Kalogridis and Patrick Lussier .
The film contains the chemicals needed for developing and fixing the photograph , and the instant camera exposes and initiates the developing process after a photo has been taken .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
Rodman Edward `` Rod '' Serling  ( December 25 , 1924 -- June 28 , 1975 )  was an American screenwriter , playwright , television producer , and narrator known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science-fiction anthology TV series , The Twilight Zone .
Stephen Rider is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Admiral Stephen W. Rochon in the film The Butler and Eric Millworth in the series Lucky 7 .
It is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Famous in Love is an American drama television series that premiered on Freeform on April 18 , 2017 , and is based on the novel of the same name by Rebecca Serle .
The Supremes were an American female singing group and the premier act of Motown Records during the 1960s .
It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival .
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office ; it is only a formal statement of charges , akin to an indictment in criminal law , and is thus only the first step towards removal .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
Sharon Yvonne Stone  ( born March 10 , 1958 )  is an American actress , film producer , and former fashion model .
Moore 's total of 108 caps continued as a record for outfield players until 28 March 2009 , when David Beckham gained his 109th cap .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
The film was notable because Divya Bharti was to star as the lead role Sheetal , filming most of the film .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office ; it is only a formal statement of charges , akin to an indictment in criminal law , and is thus only the first step towards removal .
Gold is a chemical element with symbol Au  ( from aurum )  and atomic number 79 .
His career began on the Off-Broadway stage and then in television in the 1980s , most notably as David Addison in Moonlighting  ( 1985 -- 1989 )  .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
He directs , produces and appears in graphic , short , horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
Kazakhstan  (  [ USkæzækˈstæn ,   ˌkɑːzɑːkˈstɑːn ]  ,  [ ˌkæzəkˈstɑːn ,   - ˈstæn ]  Қазақстан , tr .
She has since starred in Poseidon  ( 2006 )  , Dragonball : Evolution  ( 2009 )  , Dare  ( 2009 )  , Beautiful Creatures  ( 2013 )  , Before I Disappear  ( 2014 )  , You 're Not You  ( 2014 )  and Comet  ( 2014 )  .
Featuring musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman , the film stars Whoopi Goldberg as a Reno lounge singer who has been put under protective custody in a San Francisco convent of Poor Clares and has to pretend to be a nun when a mob boss puts her on his hit list .
The existence of God is a subject of debate in the philosophy of religion , popular culture , and philosophy .
In 2013 , Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors , the nation 's highest honor for influencing American culture through the arts .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
Allure is an American women 's beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City .
After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
She is a former British No. 1 and current British No. 2 behind Johanna Konta .
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island , founded in 1636 , and one of the oldest cities in the United States .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath , Alice Cooper , Lita Ford , Badlands , and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action spy thriller film starring Robert Ludlum 's Jason Bourne character .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Cameron Jibril Thomaz  ( born September 8 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Wiz Khalifa , is an American rapper , songwriter , and actor .
It was founded in the 13th century and was based primarily in Iran as well as neighboring territories , such as present-day Azerbaijan and the central and eastern parts of present-day Turkey .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Reuters  [ ˈrɔɪtərz ]  is an international news agency headquartered in London , England .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
The song was released on October 7 , 2013 , as the lead single from Pitbull 's extended play  ( EP )  Meltdown .
It is based on Antony Johnston and Sam Hart 's 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West .
Harry Edward Styles  ( born 1 February 1994 )  is an English singer and songwriter .
Jovovich gained attention for her role in the explicit 1991 romance film Return to the Blue Lagoon , as she was then only 15 .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Justin Drew Bieber  (  [ ˈbiːbər ]  born March 1 , 1994 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
The Uruguay national football team represents Uruguay in international association football and is controlled by the Uruguayan Football Association , the governing body for football in Uruguay .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
Nicholas King Nolte  ( born February 8 , 1941 )  is an American actor and former model .
It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season , and has remained there since .
He hates and fears his two ex-wives , both named Tammy , one of whom is played by Offerman 's real-life wife , Megan Mullally .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
He is best known for his roles as the Tenth Doctor in the British television series Doctor Who , Alec Hardy in Broadchurch , Giacomo Casanova in the TV serial Casanova , Kilgrave in Jessica Jones , and Barty Crouch , Jr. in the film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria  (  [ ˈpaβ̞lo eˈmiljo eskoˈβ̞aɾ ɣ̞aˈβ̞iɾja ]  ; 1 December 19492 December 1993 )  was a Colombian drug lord and narco-terrorist .
Set in 1962 , fifteen years after an alternative ending to World War II , the novel concerns intrigues between the victorious Axis Powers -- primarily , Imperial Japan and Nazi Germany -- as they rule over the former United States , as well as daily life under the resulting totalitarian rule .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
The Silk Road or Silk Route was an ancient network of trade routes that were for centuries central to cultural interaction originally through regions of Eurasia connecting the East and West and stretching from the Korean peninsula and Japan to the Mediterranean Sea .
Damages is an American legal thriller television series created by the writing and production trio Daniel Zelman and brothers Glenn and Todd A. Kessler .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis `` Bad '' Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show  ( 1971 )  , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot  ( 1974 )  , Starman  ( 1984 )  , The Contender  ( 2000 )  , True Grit  ( 2010 )  , and Hell or High Water  ( 2016 )  .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat , the film is notable for its graphic portrayal of war , and for the intensity of its opening 27 minutes , which includes a depiction of the Omaha Beach assault during the Normandy landings .
The film starred N. T. Rama Rao Jr. as Lord Rama .
Marvel 's Inhumans , or simply Inhumans , is an upcoming American television series developed for ABC , based on the Marvel Comics race of the same name .
It is a live-action film adaptation of E. C. Segar 's Popeye comic strip and stars Robin Williams as Popeye the Sailor Man and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl .
After his retirement from engineering , Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics , and making significant contributions in both fields .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco  ( born February 16 , 1982 )  , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco  (  [ ˈluːpeɪ ]  )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Duvall has starred in numerous films and television series , including To Kill a Mockingbird  ( 1962 )  , The Twilight Zone  ( 1963 )  , The Outer Limits  ( 1964 )  , Bullitt  ( 1968 )  , True Grit  ( 1969 )  , MASH  ( 1970 )  , THX 1138  ( 1971 )  , Joe Kidd  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather Part II  ( 1974 )  , The Conversation  ( 1974 )  , Network  ( 1976 )  , Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  , The Great Santini  ( 1979 )  , Lonesome Dove  ( 1989 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Rambling Rose  ( 1991 )  , and Falling Down  ( 1993 )  .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
Telling the story of four women who start a ghost-catching business in New York City , it is the third feature film in the Ghostbusters franchise and serves as a reboot to the previous films .
Frey was the lead singer and frontman for the Eagles , roles he came to share with fellow member Don Henley , with whom he wrote most of the Eagles ' material .
2001 : A Space Odyssey was financed and distributed by American studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , but it was filmed and edited almost entirely in England using the studio facilities of the MGM-British Studios and those of Shepperton Studios , mostly because of the availability of much larger sound stages than in the United States .
She rose to prominence with her performance in Misery  ( 1990 )  , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress .
She was the last British monarch of the House of Hanover .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
Kate Noelle Holmes  ( born December 18 , 1978 )  is an American actress who first achieved fame for her role as Joey Potter on The WB television teen drama Dawson 's Creek from 1998 to 2003 .
Aaliyah Dana Haughton  (  [ ɑ : ˈliːə ]  January 16 , 1979 -- August 25 , 2001 )  was an American singer , actress , and model .
Detroit  (  [ dᵻˈtrɔɪt ]  )  is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest city on the United States -- Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County .
Williams has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974 , composing music for all but two of his feature films .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey  ( 2007 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Chéri  ( 2009 )  , and The Tempest  ( 2010 )  .
Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
The band consists of four animated members : 2-D  ( lead vocals , keyboards )  , Murdoc Niccals  ( bass guitar )  , Noodle  ( guitar , keyboards )  and Russel Hobbs  ( drums and percussion )  .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  ( born November 12 , 1982 )  is an American actress and singer .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
He has performed in leading roles in a variety of films , ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action films .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
Akbar himself was a patron of art and culture .
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013 for Record of the Year .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
He is also the co-founder of the British charity Comic Relief along with Sir Lenny Henry .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The film was released in the United States on October 2 , 2009 .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
Historically , the value of gold was rooted in its relative rarity , easy handling and minting , easy smelting and fabrication , resistance to corrosion and other chemical reactions  ( nobility )  and its distinctive color .
Usher Raymond IV  ( born October 14 , 1978 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and actor .
His other well-known roles include Dr. Martin Brenner in Stranger Things , the title character in Alan Parker 's Birdy , high school wrestler Louden Swain in Vision Quest and the oversexed Sullivan Groff on Weeds .
Anthony Charles Lynton Blair  ( born 6 May 1953 )  is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
Taipei  (  [ ˌtaɪˈpeɪ ]  )  , officially known as Taipei City , is the capital city and a special municipality of Taiwan .
Rear Window is a 1998 American made-for-television crime-drama thriller film directed by Jeff Bleckner .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
It is a reboot of the 1981 Canadian slasher film of the same name .
The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1963 and the Tähtivaeltaja Award in 1993 .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
Gore was also the subject of the Academy Award-winning  ( 2007 )  documentary An Inconvenient Truth in 2006 .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
Thomas John Patrick `` Tom '' Welling  ( born April 26 , 1977 )  is an American actor , director , producer , and model best known for his role as Clark Kent in The WB/CW superhero drama Smallville  ( 2001 -- 11 )  .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
She rose to prominence with her performance in Misery  ( 1990 )  , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
Raised in Fayetteville , North Carolina , Cole initially gained recognition as a rapper following the release of his debut mixtape , The Come Up , in early 2007 .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
Edward Moore Kennedy  ( February 22 , 1932 -- August 25 , 2009 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
The association football club Paris Saint-Germain and the rugby union club Stade Français are based in Paris .
Produced by Afrojack , it was released on March 21 , 2011 , as the second single from Pitbull 's sixth studio album , Planet Pit  ( 2011 )  .
Jon Snow is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
She is the most successful female songwriter of the latter half of the 20th century , having written or co-written 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1955 and 1999 .
After adopting the stage name Katy Perry and being dropped by The Island Def Jam Music Group and Columbia Records , she signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in April 2007 .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
Ser Gregor Clegane , nicknamed The Mountain , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The album was also successful outside of Swift 's native country , especially in Canada , Australia , and the United Kingdom .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-chuen .
He has been variously called the father of palaeontology , ichnology , and architecture , and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time .
A boycott is an act of voluntary and intentional abstention from using , buying , or dealing with a person , organization , or country as an expression of protest , usually for social , political , or environmental reasons .
Born in McComb , Mississippi , and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997 .
Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino .
Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time .
The International Boxing Research Organization  ( IBRO )  rates Foreman as the eighth greatest heavyweight of all time .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
Edward Thomas Hardy
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
Most of the episodes of the two seasons were directed by the Wachowskis  ( or just Lana , in the second season )  , with the remainder being divided between their frequent collaborators James McTeigue , Tom Tykwer and Dan Glass .
Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories , particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre .
In 2011 , she starred as Vivien Harmon in the first season of FX horror-drama series American Horror Story , for which she was nominated for the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie .
Jennifer Kate Hudson  ( born September 12 , 1981 )  is an American singer , actress and spokesperson .
She reached her career-high WTA singles ranking of World No. 76 on 10 September 2001 and a doubles ranking of World No. 215 on 24 August 1998 .
Scott and director James Cameron developed ideas for a film that would serve as a prequel to Scott 's 1979 science-fiction horror film Alien .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
He worked for the Baltimore Sun City Desk for twelve years  ( 1982 -- 95 )  and wrote Homicide : A Year on the Killing Streets  ( 1991 )  and co-wrote The Corner : A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood  ( 1997 )  with Ed Burns .
These conditions may be extremely high or low temperature or pressure ; high or low content of oxygen or carbon dioxide in the atmosphere ; high levels of radiation , acidity , or alkalinity ; absence of water ; water containing a high concentration of salt or sugar ; presence of sulphur , petroleum , and other toxic substances .
In 2013 , he released his debut studio album Kiss Land , which debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 .
The iPhone 3G is a smartphone that was designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Its urban area extends beyond the city 's administrative limits with a population of around 2.7 million people , being the 11th-most populous urban area in the European Union .
It received numerous accolades , including Academy Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay and Best Film Editing .
Keneti James Fitzgerald `` KJ '' Apa  ( born 16 June 1997 )  is a New Zealand actor .
Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin ,  ( 16 April 1889 -- 25 December 1977 )  was an English comic actor , filmmaker , and composer who rose to fame during the era of silent film .
It occupies the western three-eighths of the island , which it shares with the Dominican Republic .
The tour spanned across the United States , Canada , Denmark , Australia , and the Netherlands , promoting his 2009 album Battle Studies .
Laurence John Fishburne III  ( born July 30 , 1961 )  is an American actor , playwright , director and producer , best known for playing Morpheus in The Matrix trilogy , Jason `` Furious '' Styles in the 1991 drama film Boyz n the Hood and Tyrone `` Mr. Clean '' Miller in the 1979 war film Apocalypse Now .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
Stone first came to attention for her role in the miniseries War and Remembrance  ( 1989 )  and early mainstream prominence followed with her part in Paul Verhoeven 's Total Recall  ( 1990 )  .
License to Drive is a 1988 teen adventure film written by Neil Tolkin and directed by Greg Beeman in his feature film directorial debut .
Princess Margaret , Countess of Snowdon ,  ( Margaret Rose ; 21 August 1930 -- 9 February 2002 )  was the younger daughter of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth of the United Kingdom and the only sibling of Queen Elizabeth II .
The 1992 Los Angeles riots , also known as the Rodney King riots , the South Central riots , the 1992 Los Angeles civil disturbance , the 1992 Los Angeles civil unrest , and the Los Angeles uprising , were a series of riots , lootings , arsons , and civil disturbances that occurred in Los Angeles County , California in April and May 1992 .
His career spanned more than six decades of work in music , film , television and live performance .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
In January 2015 , Tennant received the National Television Award for Special Recognition .
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  ( born August 21 , 1989 )  is an American actress , model , singer , and activist .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
His counter-terrorism drama My Name Is Khan  ( 2010 )  earned him his second Filmfare Award for Best Director .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Fisher wrote several semi-autobiographical novels , including Postcards from the Edge and the screenplay for the film of the book , as well as an autobiographical one-woman play , and its non-fiction book , Wishful Drinking , based on the play .
She is well known for her role as Dr. Remy `` Thirteen '' Hadley on the award-winning medical television series House  ( 2007 -- 12 )  and her roles in Alpha Dog  ( 2007 )  , Tron : Legacy  ( 2010 )  , Cowboys & Aliens  ( 2011 )  , Her  ( 2013 )  , Drinking Buddies  ( 2013 )  , and Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Charles II  ( 29 May 1630 -- 6 February 1685 )  was king of England , Scotland and Ireland .
He first reached the number one position in the world rankings in June 1997 , after less than a year as a professional .
He is most known for writing the screenplays for L.A. Confidential  ( for which he received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay )  , Mystic River , and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
It premiered on The WB on September 13 , 2005 , and was written by series creator Eric Kripke and directed by David Nutter .
James Oliver Cromwell  ( born January 27 , 1940 )  is an American actor and producer .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
She has won five Grand Slam singles titles , twelve Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and five Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ; for a combined total of twenty-two major titles .
Evil , in a general context is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good .
She later appeared in the coming of age drama Mermaids  ( 1990 )  , earning a Golden Globe nomination , and in the same year appeared alongside Johnny Depp in Burton 's dark fairy-tale Edward Scissorhands  ( 1990 )  , and shortly thereafter with Keanu Reeves in Francis Ford Coppola 's gothic romance Bram Stoker 's Dracula  ( 1992 )  .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base , he toured both within the United States and internationally until a short time before his death in 1998 .
iPhone  (  [ ˈaɪfoʊn ]  )  is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
Wi-Fi or WiFi is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards .
He is best known for his roles as Joseph `` Jody '' Summers in Baby Boy , Roman Pearce in the Fast and the Furious series and Robert Epps in the Transformers film series .
Leicester became the last team to win the League Cup at the original Wembley Stadium .
Ji Chang-wook  ( born on July 5 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor .
It was founded in 1921 by Donald Wills Douglas , Sr. and later merged with McDonnell Aircraft in 1967 to form McDonnell Douglas .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
Gabourey Sidibe  (  [ ˈɡæbəˌreɪ ˈsɪdɪˌbeɪ ]  ; born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress who made her acting debut in the 2009 film Precious , a role that brought her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress .
As kerosene and gasoline grew in importance , Rockefeller 's wealth soared and he became the richest person in the country , controlling 90 % of all oil in the United States at his peak .
is a Japanese voice actor and actor born in Tokyo .
Patricia Clarkson , Bob Balaban and Jenny Wade co-star , with Brían F. O'Byrne , Lily Rabe , and Zoe Kravitz -- appearing in her first feature film -- playing supporting roles .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated action-fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she has a five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .
Yung Rich Nation is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Migos .
Norovirus , sometimes referred to as the winter vomiting bug in the UK and Ireland , is the most common cause of viral gastroenteritis in humans .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
In early 1776 , he raised a provincial artillery company , to which he was appointed captain .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
Reba Nell McEntire  ( born March 28 , 1955 )  is an American country singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Sriti Jha  ( born February 26 , 1986 )  is an Indian television actress , who appears in the Indian soap opera .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
He made his breakthrough in the 1960s with starring roles in a number of acclaimed British films , including Zulu  ( 1964 )  , The Ipcress File  ( 1965 )  , Alfie  ( 1966 )  , for which he was nominated for an Academy Award , The Italian Job  ( 1969 )  , and Battle of Britain  ( 1969 )  .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Serena Jameka Williams  ( born September 26 , 1981 )  is an American professional tennis player .
The series was renewed for a third season on October 12 , 2014 , and a fourth season on July 31 , 2015 , both before the respective previous seasons had premiered .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
The 2014 WTA Finals was a women 's tennis tournament in Singapore from October 17 to October 26 , 2014 , and was the 44th edition of the singles event and the 39th edition of the doubles competition .
River Jude Phoenix  ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 -- October 31 , 1993 )  was an American actor , musician , and activist .
Winona Ryder  ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 )  is an American actress .
In the 2000s , he became known for his role of Michael Bluth in the critically acclaimed sitcom Arrested Development , for which he won a Golden Globe , and a Satellite Award .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
Italian is spoken by small minorities in places such as France  ( especially in Corsica )  , Montenegro , Crimea and Tunisia and by large expatriate communities in the Americas and Australia .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
As a former IAS officer and he served as Secretary to the President of India and as High Commissioner to South Africa and Sri Lanka , among other administrative and diplomatic posts .
It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000 , to be replaced by a new comprehensive , Fairfield High School , at first on the same site , but now located in Stottbury Road , Bristol .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
The film stars Kamal Haasan in dual roles with Manisha Koirala , Urmila Matondkar , Sukanya and Goundamani appearing in other pivotal roles .
Murder on the Orient Express is an upcoming British-American mystery film directed by Kenneth Branagh .
The theater both teaches and hosts performances of improvisational comedy .
At the time of her death , Atkins was California 's longest-serving female inmate .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
The West Wing of the White House , also known as the Executive Office Building , houses the offices of the President of the United States .
Two of his albums , The Gambler and Kenny , are featured in the About.com poll of `` The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever '' .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet .
He is the leader of a group of roughly 500 survivors in The Sanctuary , called the Saviors , a group that trades with others .
It was directed by Robert Luketic , scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Luke Wilson , Selma Blair , Matthew Davis , Victor Garber , and Jennifer Coolidge .
Moscow is considered the centre of Russian culture , having served as the home of Russian artists , scientists and sports figures and because of the presence of museums , academic and political institutions and theatres .
He was born in Halifax , West Yorkshire , and raised in Framlingham , Suffolk .
Diseases , most notably plague , also spread along the Silk Routes .
It is the only European country to have a border with an African country  ( Morocco )  and its African territory accounts for nearly 5 % of its population , mostly in the Canary Islands but also in Ceuta and Melilla .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
Sir Elton Hercules John ,  ( born Reginald Kenneth Dwight ; 25 March 1947 )  is an English singer , pianist , and composer .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Lisbon  (  [ ˈlɪzbən ]  Lisboa ,  [ liʒˈβoɐ ]  )  is the capital and the largest city of Portugal , with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km ² .
Martin Charles Scorsese  (  [ skɔːrˈsɛsi ]   [ skorˈseːze ]  ; born November 17 , 1942 )  is an American director , producer , screenwriter , and film historian , whose career spans more than 50 years .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy and has switched between parliamentary democracy and military junta for decades , the latest coup being in May 2014 by the National Council for Peace and Order .
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Her other film roles included Shampoo  ( 1975 )  , The Blues Brothers  ( 1980 )  , Hannah and Her Sisters  ( 1986 )  , The ` Burbs  ( 1989 )  , and When Harry Met Sally ...  ( 1989 )  .
Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
It was written by Stiller , Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen .
Khal Drogo is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
Nepal  (  [ Nepālhelp = no ]  -RCB- -RCB-  [ neˈpal ]  )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia .
The English word dragon and Latin word draco derives from Greek δράκων  ( drákōn )  , `` dragon , serpent of huge size , water-snake '' .
The band subsequently recorded an EP , For Your Lungs Only  ( 1998 )  , and its debut studio album , Goddamnit  ( 1998 )  .
His career began on the Off-Broadway stage and then in television in the 1980s , most notably as David Addison in Moonlighting  ( 1985 -- 1989 )  .
Barry Alan Crompton Gibb ,  ( born 1 September 1946 )  is a British singer , songwriter and record producer who rose to worldwide fame as a co-founder of the group Bee Gees , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed groups in the history of popular music .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Heard won an Emmy Award for guest starring on The Sopranos .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
Nickelodeon  ( often shortened to and known in the United States as Nick )  is an American basic cable and satellite television network launched on December 1 , 1977 , and is owned by Viacom through Viacom Media Networks and based in New York City .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
Margaret Constance `` Maisie '' Williams  ( born 15 April 1997 )  is an English actress .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
The unrest began in South Central Los Angeles on April 29 after a trial jury acquitted four officers of the Los Angeles Police Department of the use of excessive force in the videotaped arrest and beating of Rodney King .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
It is a British-American venture produced by Legendary Pictures , DC Entertainment , Syncopy Inc. , and Cruel and Unusual Films , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy film which takes its title from the autobiographical book of the same name by Frank B. Gilbreth , Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey , but despite the title and the concept of a family with twelve children , ranging from 5 year old Nigel & Kyle to 22 year old Nora , the film bears no resemblance to the book nor its original film adaptation , although it is mentioned that the mother 's maiden name is Gilbreth .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
He is a four-time NBA All-Star , and a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
David Tennant  ( born David John McDonald ; 18 April 1971 )  is a Scottish actor and voice actor .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Heywood `` Woody '' Allen  ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 )  is an American director , writer , actor , comedian , playwright , and musician whose career spans more than six decades .
Her credits include That 's Life , Veronica Mars , Free Agents , Dirty Sexy Money , Big Shots , the Mythological X remake The Ex List and iZombie , which she co-created with Rob Thomas .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
The Hopman Cup is an annual international eight-team indoor hardcourt tennis tournament held in Perth , Western Australia in early January  ( sometimes commencing in late December )  each year , which plays mixed-gender teams on a country-by-country basis .
Aubrey Drake Graham  ( born October 24 , 1986 )  better known by the stage name Drake , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor .
The film is directed by Imtiaz Ali and produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Stephanie Lynn `` Stevie '' Nicks  ( born May 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter who is often regarded as the Queen of Rock n ' Roll .
The Romans , who would occupy Tunisia for most of the next eight hundred years , introduced Christianity and left architectural legacies like the El Djem amphitheater .
is a Japanese book and video game publisher headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce , which uses concepts from the `` Extremis '' story arc by Warren Ellis .
She starred in the comedy hit Clueless  ( 1995 )  , which earned her a multimillion-dollar deal with Columbia Pictures , and in the big-budget film Batman & Robin  ( 1997 )  , playing Batgirl .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
After an interval as a teacher , she returned to the same university to study art history , and received a master 's degree in 1918 .
The sixth and final season of the Fox musical comedy-drama television series Glee was commissioned on April 19 , 2013 , along with the fifth season , as part of a two-season renewal deal for the show on the Fox network .
Shatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker  ( 1982 -- 86 )  and hosted the reality-based television series , Rescue 911  ( 1989 -- 96 )  , which won a People 's Choice Award for the Favorite New TV Dramatic Series .
Neil Patrick Harris  ( born June 15 , 1973 )  is an American actor , comedian , magician , singer , and composer , known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles .
Bentley Motors Limited  (  [ ˈbɛntli ]  )  is a British manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and SUVs -- and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG since 1998 .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
The group had over eighty songs chart worldwide , thirty-six of them US Top 40 hits  ( the most by an American rock band )  , four reaching number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Blending psychological horror with film noir , the film stars Kyle MacLachlan , Isabella Rossellini , Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern .
It is based on the novel The Bind by Stanley Ellin .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Egypt  (  [ ˈiːdʒɪpt ]  ; مِصر , مَصر , Kimi )  , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a transcontinental country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia by a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula .
`` Everybody Needs a Best Friend '' is a song from the 2012 feature film Ted , with music composed by Walter Murphy and lyrics by Seth MacFarlane .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Laura Elizabeth Dern  ( born February 10 , 1967 )  is an American actress .
She is the daughter of 2008 presidential nominee and long-time U.S. Senator John McCain and Cindy Hensley McCain .
Born in Newark , New Jersey , she signed with Tommy Boy Records in 1989 and released her debut album All Hail the Queen the same year , featuring the hit single `` Ladies First '' .
In August 2016 , Microsoft released a refreshed Xbox One model known as Xbox One S ; it has a streamlined design , native support for 4K video playback and upscaling , and HDR10 high-dynamic-range color .
Other early appearances were in the Disney family film A Kid in King Arthur 's Court  ( 1995 )  and the biographical film Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , as well as in the historical war drama television series Sharpe 's Eagle  ( 1993 )  and the action-adventure drama series Zorro .
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe  ( born 23 July 1989 )  is an English actor best known for his role as Harry Potter in the film series of the same name .
Victoria Leigh Blum  ( born October 15 , 1955 )  , known by the stage name Tanya Roberts , is an American actress and producer .
In Dubious Battle is a 2016 drama film directed by and produced by James Franco , based on John Steinbeck 's novel of the same name , with a screenplay by Matt Rager .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands , steppe , taiga , rock canyons , hills , deltas , snow-capped mountains , and deserts .
By November 2009 , over 6 million copies of the game were sold worldwide .
Kazakhstan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage .
It was written by Freddie Mercury for the band 's 1975 album A Night at the Opera .
Yelp is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Francisco , California .
The World Bank Group  ( WBG )  is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries .
He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards .
The Nile , which is 6,853 km  ( 4,258 miles )  long , is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries , namely , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo-Kinshasa , Kenya , Ethiopia , Eritrea , South Sudan , Sudan and Egypt .
Douglas Aircraft Company largely operated as a division of McDonnell Douglas  ( MD )  after the merger .
Gerard Lee  ( born 1951 in Melbourne )  is an Australian novelist , screenwriter and director .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
The USC School of Cinematic Arts  ( formerly the USC School of Cinema-Television , or CNTV )  is a private media School within the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California .
Page Hamilton  ( born May 18 , 1960 )  is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and record producer , mostly noted for his work with alternative metal band Helmet .
A versatile player , he usually plays as an attacking midfielder , but he can equally play as a winger or as a deep-lying playmaker , and has frequently featured as a right winger for Milan during the 2014 -- 15 Serie A season .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Two respected academic institutions , the University of Haifa and the Technion , are located in Haifa , in addition to the largest k-12 school in Israel , the Hebrew Reali School .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
Lynch was the initial writer and co-creator with Joss Whedon of Angel : After the Fall for IDW Publishing , and is best known for writing the screenplays for the films Puss in Boots and Minions .
Directed by Joe Chappelle with a screenplay by Koontz , the film stars Peter O'Toole , Rose McGowan , Joanna Going , Liev Schreiber , Ben Affleck , Nicky Katt , and Clifton Powell .
Gianluigi `` Gigi '' Buffon  (  [ ˈdʒiːdʒi bufˈfɔn ]  , Ufficiale OMRI ; born 28 January 1978 )  is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Following a series of French albums during the 1980s , she signed on to Epic Records in the United States .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
The film was directed by George A. Romero and stars Timothy Hutton as Thad Beaumont and George Stark , Amy Madigan as Liz Beaumont , Michael Rooker as Sheriff Alan Pangborn and Royal Dano in his final film .
It is Ramsay 's fourth series for the Fox network and airs on Monday nights at 8 pm ET/PT .
Chan Kong-sang , SBS , MBE , PMW ,  (  [ ; born 7 April 1954 )  , known professionally as Jackie Chan , is a Hong Kong martial artist , actor , film director , producer , stuntman , and singer .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg  ( born 18 October 1960 )  , professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD , is a Belgian actor , martial artist , screenwriter , film producer , and director best known for his martial arts action films .
He has had supporting roles in films such as I Love You , Man , Date Night , Get Him to the Greek , Dinner for Shmucks , and A Good Old Fashioned Orgy and more prominent roles in films such as Adult Beginners , Joshy , My Blind Brother , Sausage Party , and Loving .
Established in 1952 , the magazine is published by Worldwide Media , a subsidiary of The Times Group , India 's largest media services conglomerate .
Angle is also a two-time King of the Mountain .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
It was released as the album 's second single on November 16 , 2002 .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
Algeria  ( الجزائر ; ⴷⵣⴰⵢⴻⵔ , Dzayer ; Algérie )  , officially the People 's Democratic Republic of Algeria , is a sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast .
It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Nicholas `` Nick '' Kroll  ( born June 5 , 1978 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , and producer .
She has appeared in the films The Prestige , Vicky Cristina Barcelona  ( for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe )  , The Town , The Awakening , Frost/Nixon , Iron Man 3 , Transcendence , and The Gift .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
The film centers on the secret history of vampires and lycans  ( an abbreviated form of lycanthrope , which means werewolf )  .
Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision .
After losing in the 2008 NBA Finals , he led the Lakers to two consecutive championships in 2009 and 2010 , earning the Finals MVP Award on both occasions .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
Nuufolau Joel `` Joe '' Seanoa  ( born March 17 , 1979 )  , better known by his ring name Samoa Joe , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performing on the Raw brand .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
He began his career in the late 1980s .
The Messenger is a 2009 war drama film starring Ben Foster , Woody Harrelson , Samantha Morton , Steve Buscemi , and Jena Malone .
In 2009 , Blunt received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
Cedric Yarbrough  ( born March 20 , 1973 )  is an American comedian , singer , and actor .
His work is marked by lucid prose , awareness of social injustice , opposition to totalitarianism , and outspoken support of democratic socialism .
The University of Oxford  ( informally Oxford University or simply Oxford )  is a collegiate research university located in Oxford , England .
Steve Mouzakis is an Australian film , television and theatre actor .
He also hosted the ESPY Awards , Saturday Night Live , and appeared in the 2015 film Trainwreck .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
Parts in smaller-scale features were followed by a decrease in workload , during which she returned to stage and portrayed an ageing actress in A Little Night Music  ( 2009 )  , winning a Tony Award .
The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer .
Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
A lightning rod  ( US , AUS )  or lightning conductor  ( UK )  is a metal rod mounted on a structure and intended to protect the structure from a lightning strike .
`` Do n't Let Me Down '' became their first top 5 single there and won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 59th awards ceremony , while `` Closer '' became their first number-one single on the chart .
Before the album , Jay-Z had released collaborations with The Roots and R. Kelly , and Linkin Park had collaborated with various artists on their remix album Reanimation .
Larry Philip Buttrose  ( born 16 December 1952 )  is an Australian writer , journalist and academic .
Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film adapted from the novel of the same title by Amanda Brown .
Sorum is currently a member of the touring project , Kings of Chaos , and is a former member of both The Cult and Y Kant Tori Read .
Set in the fictional town of Hawkins , Indiana in the 1980s , the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy by his friends , older brother and traumatized mother and the local police chief , amid supernatural events occurring around the town including the appearance of a psychokinetic girl who helps the missing boy 's friends in their own search .
He served two terms as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska and was United States Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson  ( 1913 -- 1915 )  .
From 1986 until his retirement in 2005 , Kasparov was ranked world No. 1 for 225 out of 228 months .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Ranbir Kapoor  (  [ rəˈɳbiːr kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 28 September 1982 )  is an Indian actor and producer .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
As described by Goodreads : `` Yardie is , quite simply , a literary sensation in England .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
After an invasion by the United States and its allies in 2003 , Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party was removed from power and multi-party parliamentary elections were held in 2005 .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
Throughout his career , Ludacris has won Screen Actors Guild , Critic 's Choice , MTV , and Grammy Awards .
Despite being colorblind , Newman won several national championships as a driver in Sports Car Club of America road racing , and his race teams won several championships in open wheel IndyCar racing .
Raised in Gaithersburg , Maryland , Logic expressed an interest in music as a teenager , and ventured into a musical career in early 2009 , releasing a mixtape titled Young , Broke & Infamous in 2010 .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
Johansson subsequently starred in Manny & Lo  ( 1996 )  , and garnered further acclaim and prominence with roles in The Horse Whisperer  ( 1998 )  and Ghost World  ( 2001 )  .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
Frederick Trump  ( born Friedrich Trump ; March 14 , 1869 -- May 27 , 1918 )  was a German American businessman .
The NSA is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , a discipline known as signals intelligence  ( SIGINT )  .
Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy film directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard .
Based on an idea that came to Martin while writing the 1981 novel Windhaven , Tyrion has been called one of the author 's finest creations and most popular characters by The New York Times .
He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
ABC cancelled the series on May 13 , 2011 due to low ratings .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
The Taj Mahal  (  [ ˌtɑːdʒ məˈhɑːl ]  , more often  [ ˈtɑːʒ ]  meaning Crown of the Palace )  is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra .
Cyrus ' independently-released fifth studio album Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz  ( 2015 )  deviated from her traditional pop style for more psychedelic experimentation .
Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing over 20 million visitors per year .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
The Ring magazine previously ranked Broner as the fifth best boxer in the world , pound for pound , in December 2012 .
Caesar refused the order , and instead marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with the 13th Legion , leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Woodrow Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson  ( born July 23 , 1961 )  is an American actor , activist and playwright .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
It was founded in 2014 by CEO Gabriel Hammond and Chief Creative Officer , Daniel Hammond .
Sir Roger Penrose  ( born 8 August 1931 )  is an English mathematical physicist , mathematician and philosopher of science .
She is best known for her roles in television dramas My Husband Got a Family  ( 2012 )  , Jang Bo-ri is Here !
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
James Blake Litherland  ( born 26 September 1988 )  , known as James Blake , is an English singer , songwriter , musician and record producer from London .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Tessanne Amanda Chin  (  [ ˈtɛs ' æn tʃɪn ]  born September 20 , 1985 )  is a Jamaican recording artist , best known for winning Season 5 of NBC 's reality TV singing competition The Voice as part of Adam Levine 's team .
Frank is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse , released on 20 October 2003 by Island Records .
By the age of 15 , she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain ; by 16 , she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $ 2 million .
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Guardians of the Galaxy  ( retroactively referred to as Guardians of the Galaxy Vol .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
Goldsmith was nominated for six Grammy Awards , five Primetime Emmy Awards , nine Golden Globe Awards , four British Academy Film Awards , and eighteen Academy Awards  ( he won only one , in 1976 , for The Omen )  .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Later his grandsons split his empire into khanates .
He is known for his slapstick humor in film , television , stage and radio .
Raised in Gaithersburg , Maryland , Logic expressed an interest in music as a teenager , and ventured into a musical career in early 2009 , releasing a mixtape titled Young , Broke & Infamous in 2010 .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
Prometheus  (  [ prəˈmiːθiəs ]  )  is a 2012 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , Guy Pearce , Idris Elba , Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron .
He has been nominated for seven Academy Awards  ( winning for his performance in Tender Mercies )  , seven Golden Globes  ( winning four )  , and has multiple nominations and one win each of the BAFTA , Screen Actors Guild Award , and Emmy Award .
Con Man is an American comedy web series created , written , directed by , and starring Alan Tudyk .
Anthony Paul Meindl  ( born January 14 , 1968 )  is an American screenwriter , stage and film actor , and founder and artistic director at the MetaTheatre Company and Anthony Meindl 's Actor Workshop in Los Angeles .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films George Wallace  ( 1997 )  and Gia  ( 1998 )  , and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl , Interrupted  ( 1999 )  .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
The Grand Ole Opry is a weekly country-music stage concert in Nashville , Tennessee , which was founded on November 28 , 1925 , by George D. Hay as a one-hour radio `` barn dance '' on WSM .
In 1981 , while remaining a member of Fleetwood Mac , Nicks began her solo career , releasing the album Bella Donna , which topped the Billboard album charts and reached platinum status less than three months after its release , and has since been certified quadruple-platinum .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
The country joined the European Union in 2004 and the Eurozone on 1 January 2009 .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Die .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  ( born June 17 , 1980 )  is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Ice hockey is a contact team sport played on ice , usually in a rink , in which two teams of skaters use their sticks to shoot a vulcanized rubber puck into their opponent 's net to score points .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
The Chainsmokers are an American DJ/producer duo consisting of Andrew Taggart and Alex Pall .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
Richard III  ( 2 October 1452 -- 22 August 1485 )  was King of England from 1483 until his death in 1485 , at the age of 32 , in the Battle of Bosworth Field .
For her performance as Ada McGrath in the 1993 film The Piano , she won the Academy Award for Best Actress , BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role , AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role , Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Drama , and the Cannes Best Actress Award .
Jenna Dewan Tatum  (  [ də ` wɑːn   ` teɪtəm ]  born Jenna Lee Dewan ; December 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and dancer .
The earliest , widespread description of nanotechnology referred to the particular technological goal of precisely manipulating atoms and molecules for fabrication of macroscale products , also now referred to as molecular nanotechnology .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
Reigns is a three-time WWE World Heavyweight Champion , a one-time United States Champion , a one-time WWE Tag Team Champion  ( with Rollins )  , the 2015 Royal Rumble winner and the 2014 Superstar of the Year .
Her portrayal of Sue Sylvester in Glee has won numerous awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award , Golden Globe Award , Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Comedy , Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Series , Miniseries , or Television Film , and the People 's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film The Piano  ( 1993 )  , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .
First drafted by the Archbishop of Canterbury to make peace between the unpopular King and a group of rebel barons , it promised the protection of church rights , protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment , access to swift justice , and limitations on feudal payments to the Crown , to be implemented through a council of 25 barons .
Giada Pamela De Laurentiis  (  [ ˈdʒaːda paˈmɛːla de lauˈrɛnti.is ]  ; born August 22 , 1970 )  is an Italian-born American chef , writer , television personality , and the host of the current Food Network television program Giada at Home .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Samsung Life Insurance  ( Korean : 삼성생명보험 , )  is a South Korean multinational insurance company headquartered in Seoul , South Korea , and a subsidiary of the Samsung Group .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
Shantel VanSanten  ( born July 25 , 1985 )  is an American model and actress .
The film stars Farrah Fawcett , Charles Grodin , Art Carney , Joan Collins , William Daniels and John Hillerman .
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  ; born December 19 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census .
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova  (  [ ˈdʒaːkomo dʒiˈrɔːlamo kazaˈnɔːva ]  or  [ kasaˈnɔːva ]  2 April 1725 -- 4 June 1798 )  was an Italian adventurer and author from the Republic of Venice .
David Scott Jones  ( born October 1965 )  is a Scottish games programmer and entrepreneur who founded computer game companies DMA Design in 1987  ( which became Rockstar North in 2002 )  and Realtime Worlds in 2002 .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
The Kingdom of Georgia , also known as the Georgian Empire , was a medieval monarchy which emerged in circa 1008 AD .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
Shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after defeating Senator Eugene McCarthy in the California and South Dakota presidential primaries , he was mortally wounded by Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old enraged Palestinian , and died the following day .
Monica Seles  (  [ ˈsɛləs ]  Szeles Mónika , Моника Селеш , Monika Seleš ,  [ ˈsɛlɛʃ ]  , born December 2 , 1973 )  is a former Yugoslav world no. 1 professional tennis player and a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame .
Dunkirk is an upcoming English-language war film written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Adderall 's active ingredient , amphetamine , shares many chemical and pharmacological properties with the human trace amines , particularly phenethylamine and , the latter of which is a positional isomer of amphetamine .
Mantle played his entire Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  career with the New York Yankees as a center fielder and first baseman , from 1951 through 1968 .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi : The Next Generation in the early 2000s .
Sitting at the northern tip of the island , Taipei City is an enclave of the municipality of New Taipei City .
The first season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered on HBO on April 17 , 2011 , at 9.00 pm in the U.S. , and concluded on June 19 , 2011 .
He graduated fourth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1918 and was commissioned into the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
The Fate of the Furious  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 )  is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan .
He is a seven-time Formula One World Champion and is widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time .
New England is a geographical region comprising six states of the northeast United States : Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont .
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Written and composed by Busbee and Ben West , and produced by Greg Kurstin , it is a pop rock ballad about taking risks with love , no matter what consequences may result .
He won several awards for his work on Family Guy , including two Primetime Emmy Awards and an Annie Award .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
Shot in a mockumentary format , it follows the contestants in a beauty pageant called the Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant , held in the small fictional town of Mount Rose , Minnesota , in which various contestants die in suspicious ways .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Along with the separate and much longer Inner German border  ( IGB )  , which demarcated the border between East and West Germany , it came to symbolize a physical marker of the `` Iron Curtain '' that separated Western Europe and the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War .
Lisa Michelle Bonet  ( born November 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress .
In HBO 's adaptation of the series , Game of Thrones , Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner .
From 1986 until his retirement in 2005 , Kasparov was ranked world No. 1 for 225 out of 228 months .
She is best known for her lead role as Elizabeth Woodville in The White Queen  ( 2013 )  , which earned her a Golden Globe nomination , and her starring roles as Ilsa Faust in Mission : Impossible -- Rogue Nation  ( 2015 )  and as Dr. Miranda North in Life  ( 2017 )  .
Cindy Lou Hensley McCain  ( born May 20 , 1954 )  is an American businesswoman , philanthropist , and humanitarian , and the wife of long-time United States Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain of Arizona .
She was one of the world 's leading players in the 1970s and early 1980s , during which she won 14 Grand Slam titles : seven in singles  ( four at the Australian Open , two at Wimbledon and one at the French Open )  , six in women 's doubles , and one in mixed doubles .
It follows the lives of a close-knit outlaw motorcycle club operating in Charming , a fictional town in California 's Central Valley .
She has sold over 17.9 million albums in the United States as of 2014 and 50 million albums worldwide as of 2015 .
Lexmark International , Inc. is a Chinese-owned corporation based in the United States that manufactures laser printers and imaging products .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
Death in Paradise has enjoyed high ratings , leading to repeated renewals .
It was released on August 4 , 2014 by Young Money Entertainment , Cash Money Records , and Republic Records as the second single from the album .
and is broadcast on weeknights on Zee TV .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction , which relies on the mental , emotional and psychological status of characters to frighten or unsettle readers , viewers , or players .
The country is officially bilingual at the federal level .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
Jared Joseph Leto  (  [ ˈlɛtoʊ ]  born December 26 , 1971 )  is an American actor , singer-songwriter , and director .
According to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( FBI )  , a hate group 's `` primary purpose is to promote animosity , hostility , and malice against persons belonging to a race , religion , disability , sexual orientation , or ethnicity/national origin which differs from that of the members of the organization . ''
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
The iPhone 3G is internally similar to its predecessor , but included several new hardware features , such as GPS , 3G data and tri-band UMTS/HSDPA .
Nicolas Kim Coppola  ( born January 7 , 1964 )  , known professionally as Nicolas Cage , is an American actor and producer .
Hotel Hell is an American reality television series created , hosted and narrated by Gordon Ramsay that premiered on the Fox network on August 13 , 2012 .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
Her breakthrough single , `` Complicated '' , peaked at number 1 in many countries around the world , as did the album Let Go .
One World Trade Center  ( also known as 1 World Trade Center , 1 WTC or Freedom Tower )  is the main building of the rebuilt World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million , which sold 3 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy film directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Arkham 's high-profile patients are often from Batman 's rogues gallery , such as the Joker , Two-Face , Poison Ivy , the Riddler , Harley Quinn , Clayface , Mad Hatter , Killer Croc , Mr. Freeze , and Scarecrow .
Nicholson 's 12 Academy Award nominations make him the most nominated male actor in the Academy 's history .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Newfoundland and Labrador  (  [ uːfənˈlænd ən ˈlæbrədɔːr ]  , Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador Akamassiss Newfoundland Irish : Talamh an Éisc agus Labradar )  is the most easterly province of Canada .
The Berlin Wall  ( Berliner Mauer )  was a guarded concrete barrier that physically and ideologically divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989 .
He is often accompanied by his animal companions -- the wolves Geri and Freki and the ravens Huginn and Muninn , who bring him information from all over Midgard -- and rides the flying , eight-legged steed Sleipnir across the sky and into the underworld .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
Kaitlin Willow Olson  ( born August 18 , 1975 )  is an American actress and comedian .
The film stars Michael Fassbender , Katherine Waterston , Billy Crudup , Danny McBride , Carmen Ejogo and Demián Bichir , and follows the crew of a ship who land on an uncharted planet and make a terrifying discovery .
He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis .
Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
Twain has sold over 85 million records , making her the best-selling female artist in the history of country music and one of the best-selling music artists of all time .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
It tells the story of a high-priced prostitute who assists a detective in solving a missing person case .
The Panthers compete in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference  ( NFC )  South division .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
Dame Jean Iris Murdoch  (  [ ˈmɜrdɒk ]  15 July 1919 -- 8 February 1999 )  was an Anglo-Irish novelist and philosopher , best known for her novels about good and evil , sexual relationships , morality , and the power of the unconscious .
Obama campaigned for her husband 's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008 , delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention .
Her most notable role is that of Dr. Camille Saroyan , head of the Forensic Division , in the forensic crime drama Bones .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
She is a winner of the Arthur C. Clarke Award and Prince of Asturias Award for Literature , has been shortlisted for the Booker Prize five times , winning once , and has been a finalist for the Governor General 's Award several times , winning twice .
Sense8  ( a play on the word sensate  [ ˈsɛnseɪt ]  )  is an American science fiction drama web television series created by Lana and Lilly Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski for Netflix .
Between the two lakes lies Niagara Falls .
To Die For is a 1995 American criminal comedy-drama film , made in a mockumentary format , directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry , based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard , which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart .
Gujarat  (  [ , gUdZ@'raht ]   [ ˈɡudʒ ɾaːt̪ ]  )  is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
Killer whales have a diverse diet , although individual populations often specialize in particular types of prey .
Hearing loss , also known as hearing impairment , is a partial or total inability to hear .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
Robert Lee Yates Jr.  ( born May 27 , 1952 )  is an American serial killer from Spokane , Washington .
Before being elected to the presidency , Jackson served in Congress and gained fame as a general in the United States Army .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
He is the reigning UFC Lightweight Champion , and former UFC Featherweight Champion .
Giampaolo Pazzini  (  [ dʒamˈpaolo patˈtsini ]  ; born 2 August 1984 in Pescia )  , nicknamed Il Pazzo  ( The Madman )  by his fans , is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hellas Verona and formerly for the Italian national team , representing his nation at the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
Philadelphia is the birthplace of the United States Marine Corps , and is also the home of many U.S. firsts , including the first library  ( 1731 )  , first hospital  ( 1751 )  and medical school  ( 1765 )  , first Capital  ( 1777 )  , first stock exchange  ( 1790 )  , first zoo  ( 1874 )  , and first business school  ( 1881 )  .
It won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and was also nominated for Song of the Year at the 2004 ceremony .
Juliette Binoche  (  [ ʒyljɛt binɔʃ ]  ; born 9 March 1964 )  is a French actress , artist and dancer .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Buffon is the only goalkeeper to have won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year Award , which he won in 2003 after reaching the Champions League final ; he also won the award for best Goalkeeper that year , and was voted into the UEFA Team of the Year in 2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2016 .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
Tunisia  ( تونس ; ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ Tunisie )  , officially the Tunisian Republic is a country in North Africa , covering 165,000 km2 .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
Yardie was the first novel by Jamaican-born British writer Victor Headley , published in London in 1992 by Dotun Adebayo 's X Press .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.  ( born September 27 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Lil Wayne , is an American hip hop recording artist .
George Tuska  ( April 26 , 1916 -- October 16 , 2009 )  , who early in his career used a variety of pen names including Carl Larson , was an American comic book and newspaper comic strip artist best known for his 1940s work on various Captain Marvel titles and the crime fiction series Crime Does Not Pay , for and his 1960s work illustrating Iron Man and other Marvel Comics characters .
His April 2010 performance of Lady Gaga 's `` Paparazzi '' at a sixth-grade music festival went viral on YouTube , gaining widespread attention and over 59 million views as of May 2017 , as well as an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show shortly afterward .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
Plutonium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol Pu and atomic number 94 .
He is known for playing Kim Hyde in the Australian TV series Home and Away  ( 2004-07 )  and Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2011 .
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Michael Kirk Douglas  ( born September 25 , 1944 )  is an American actor and producer .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 American dark comedy film directed by Frank Capra , starring Cary Grant , and based on Joseph Kesselring 's play Arsenic and Old Lace .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
Along with `` Something '' and `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' , it is one of Harrison 's best-known compositions from the Beatles era .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Jennifer Grey  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American actress .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
The first  ( 1642 -- 46 )  and second  ( 1648 -- 49 )  wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third  ( 1649 -- 51 )  saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
The film was released on February 15 , 2013 .
Angle is also a two-time King of the Mountain .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's novel of the same name .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
He was the co-founder , chairman , and chief executive officer  ( CEO )  of Apple Inc. ; CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar ; a member of The Walt Disney Company 's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar ; and founder , chairman , and CEO of NeXT .
She reached her career-high WTA singles ranking of World No. 76 on 10 September 2001 and a doubles ranking of World No. 215 on 24 August 1998 .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Drogo is a khal , a leader of the Dothraki , a tribe of warriors who roam the continent of Essos .
He is best known for the liberal decisions of the so-called Warren Court , which outlawed segregation in public schools and transformed many areas of American law , especially regarding the rights of the accused , ending public school-sponsored prayers , and requiring `` one man -- one vote '' rules of apportionment of election districts .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
The series premiered on HBO on June 5 , 2005 and aired for a single , 13-episode season before being canceled .
Lipstick Waale Sapne  ( English : Lipstick Under My Burkha )  is an Indian film made in Hindi .
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock  ( 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 )  was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
The film co-stars Forest Whitaker , Kimberly Elise , Nate Parker , Gina Ravera , Jermaine Williams and Jurnee Smollett .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger  (  [ ˈʃwɔːrtsənˌɛɡər ]   [ ˈaɐ̯nɔlt ˈalɔʏs ˈʃvaɐ̯tsn̩ˌɛɡɐ ]  ; born July 30 , 1947 )  is an Austrian-American actor , producer , businessman , investor , author , philanthropist , activist , politician and former professional bodybuilder .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
Cline sold the novel in June 2010 , in a bidding war to the Crown Publishing Group  ( a division of Random House )  .
Islam emphasizes that God is strictly singular : unique , inherently One , also all-merciful and omnipotent .
Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life and times of one of America 's first supermodels , Gia Marie Carangi .
The Emoji Movie is an upcoming 2017 American 3D computer-animated buddy adventure comedy film written and directed by Tony Leondis and co-written by Eric Siegel and Mike White .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
Rai has received numerous awards and accolades , including two Filmfare Awards from eleven nominations , and she was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009 .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Pitch Perfect 3 is an upcoming American musical comedy film directed by Trish Sie and written by Kay Cannon , Mike White , and Dana Fox .
In the United States it was released by IFC Films on 18 March 2011 , and premiered on Showtime in late 2011 .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
He and fellow member Paul McCartney formed a much-celebrated songwriting partnership .
He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows ; since 2010 he has hosted Conan on the cable channel TBS .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
She appeared as a regular cast member on the American political thriller television series Scandal in the role of Elizabeth North from 2014 to 2017 .
Authorities within the United States have also accused al-Baghdadi of kidnapping , enslaving , and repeatedly raping an American citizen , Kayla Mueller , who was later killed .
A cell is the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently , and cells are often called the `` building blocks of life '' .
Twitter  (  [ ˈtwɪtər ]  )  is an online news and social networking service where users post and interact with messages , `` tweets '' , restricted to 140 characters .
Xbox One is a line of home video game consoles developed by Microsoft .
Hunter Stockton Thompson  ( July 18 , 1937 -- February 20 , 2005 )  was an American journalist and author , and the founder of the gonzo journalism movement .
Hamilton attended King 's College  ( now Columbia University )  , choosing to stay in the Thirteen Colonies to seek his fortune .
John Towner Williams  ( born February 8 , 1932 )  is an American composer , conductor , and pianist .
Sa Talaiassa  (  [ sə təɫəˈjasə ]  )  , also known as Sa Talaia or Sa Talaia de Sant Josep , is the highest mountain in the island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands of Spain .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger  (  [ ˈʃwɔːrtsənˌɛɡər ]   [ ˈaɐ̯nɔlt ˈalɔʏs ˈʃvaɐ̯tsn̩ˌɛɡɐ ]  ; born July 30 , 1947 )  is an Austrian-American actor , producer , businessman , investor , author , philanthropist , activist , politician and former professional bodybuilder .
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions , but , for census purposes , is divided into eight regions .
It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .
As of December 2013 , Saskatchewan 's population was estimated at 1,114,170 .
The origins of the Internet date back to research commissioned by the United States federal government in the 1960s to build robust , fault-tolerant communication via computer networks .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
Heather Miriam Watson  ( born 19 May 1992 )  is a British tennis player and a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion .
The iPhone 3G is a smartphone that was designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Music Bank is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2 .
He is best known for his roles in the films Aliens in the Attic  ( 2009 )  , Valentine 's Day  ( 2010 )  , and Struck by Lightning  ( 2012 )  .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was The Case , starring himself .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
2001 : A Space Odyssey is a 1968 epic science-fiction film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick .
He is a four-time NBA All-Star , and a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites .
England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom .
The books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .
Instant film is a type of photographic film introduced by Polaroid to be used in an instant camera  ( and , with accessory hardware , many other professional film cameras )  .
He was known as the `` angry young man '' of Hollywood , clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship , racism , and war .
Phantoms is a 1998 American science fiction horror film adapted from Dean Koontz 's 1983 novel of the same name .
The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate  ( ایلخانان , Ilkhānān ; Хүлэгийн улс , Hulagu-yn Ulus )  , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
He has also directed and co-written films , including his directorial debut , Keeping the Faith  ( 2000 )  .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr.  ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon .
Herman Webster Mudgett  ( May 16 , 1861 -- May 7 , 1896 )  , better known under the name of Dr. Henry Howard Holmes or more commonly H. H. Holmes , was one of the first documented serial killers in the modern sense of the term .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower .
The Berlin Wall  ( Berliner Mauer )  was a guarded concrete barrier that physically and ideologically divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989 .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
Animal Farm is an allegorical novella by George Orwell , first published in England on 17 August 1945 .
A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage .
War Dogs is a 2016 American biographical black comedy-drama film directed by Todd Phillips and written by Phillips , Jason Smilovic and Stephen Chin , based on a Rolling Stone article by Guy Lawson .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
This led to roles in bigger productions such as the action film Lara Croft : Tomb Raider  ( 2001 )  , the crime thriller Road to Perdition  ( 2002 )  , the crime thriller Layer Cake  ( 2004 )  , and the Steven Spielberg historical drama Munich  ( 2005 )  .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
He voices the lead character Sora in the Kingdom Hearts video game series .
He currently resides in Washington , D.C. His presidential library will be built in Chicago .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Nicholas King Nolte  ( born February 8 , 1941 )  is an American actor and former model .
Popeye is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Robert Altman .
Dopamine  ( DA , contracted from 3,4-dihydroxyphenethylamine )  is an organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families that plays several important roles in the brain and body .
Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn , released on October 15 , 1996 through both Immortal Records and Epic Records .
Niall James Horan  ( born 13 September 1993 )  is an Irish singer and songwriter , best known as a member of the boy band One Direction .
The film also won five National Awards and a further ten Filmfare Awards , tied with Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge with the most Filmfare Awards any film had won at the time  ( later beaten in 2005 by Bhansali 's Black )  .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
David Mazouz  (  [ dəˈviːd məˈzuːz ]  born February 19 , 2001 )  is an American actor .
He portrayed `` Mad '' Max Rockatansky in the post-apocalyptic film Mad Max : Fury Road  ( 2015 )  , and both of the Kray twins in the crime thriller Legend  ( 2015 )  .
Corporal Eugene `` Flash '' Thompson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Earl Warren  ( March 19 , 1891 -- July 9 , 1974 )  was an American jurist and politician , who served as the 30th Governor of California  ( 1943 -- 1953 )  and later the 14th Chief Justice of the United States  ( 1953 -- 1969 )  .
Poland  ( Polska  [ ˈpɔlska ]  )  , officially the Republic of Poland  (  [ Rzeczpospolita Polska , links = no ]  , )  , is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system .
Jeremy Allen White  ( born February 17 , 1991 )  is an American film and television actor .
Founded in 1924 as the Department of Drama in the School of Fine Arts , the school provides training in every discipline of the theatre : acting , design  ( set design , costume design , lighting design , projection design , and sound design )  , directing , dramaturgy and dramatic criticism , playwriting , stage management , technical design and production , and theater management .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
Throughout her career , she has sold 100 million records worldwide , becoming one of the best-selling music artists in the music history .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
Kathleen Doyle Bates  ( born June 28 , 1948 )  is an American actress .
After receiving the Artist of the Year award from the 2008 Mnet Korean Music Festival , the group expanded their endeavors to Japan , releasing both their second Korean studio-album , Remember , and their first Japanese album , Number 1 , in the same year , and consequently winning three awards at the 9th MTV Video Music Awards Japan .
Karan Johar  ( born 25 May 1972 )  , often informally referred to as KJo , is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter , costume designer , actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films .
All three of her albums have been certified platinum by the RIAA .
The film was directed by Shawn Levy , narrated by Bonnie Hunt , and starring Steve Martin .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup .
It was released in theaters on August 1 , 2014 in the United States in the 3D and IMAX 3D formats .
He reigned as the undisputed world heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win a heavyweight title at 20 years , 4 months and 22 days old .
Portia Lee James DeGeneres  ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; January 31 , 1973 )  , also known professionally as Portia de Rossi  (  [ ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi ]  )  , is an Australian and American actress , model , and philanthropist .
Seppuku  ( 切腹 , `` cutting  [ the ]  abdomen/belly '' , formal on reading of original Kanji )  , sometimes metathesized as harakiri  ( 腹切り , `` abdomen/belly cutting '' )  which is a native Japanese kun reading , is a form of Japanese ritual suicide by disembowelment .
Elvis , starring Elvis Presley , is a United States television special that aired on December 3 , 1968 on the NBC television network .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
Lithuania  ( UK and US :  [ lɪθuː ` eɪniə ]  , Lietuva  [ lʲɪɛtʊˈvɐ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Lithuania  (  [ Lietuvos Respublika , links = no ]  )  , is a country in Northern Europe .
Beyond writing , Sokolow and Cohen jointly directed Monster Mash : The Movie and executive produced Gnomes and Trolls : The Secret Chamber  ( 2008 )  .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
Previously identifying publicly as male , Jenner revealed her identity as a trans woman in April 2015 , publicly announcing her name change from Bruce to Caitlyn in a July 2015 Vanity Fair cover story .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties , including ancient Numidians , Phoenicians , Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Byzantines , Umayyads , Abbasids , Idrisid , Aghlabid , Rustamid , Fatimids , Zirid , Hammadids , Almoravids , Almohads , Spaniards , Ottomans and the French colonial empire .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  ( born June 17 , 1980 )  is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
Budapest  (  [ ˈbudɒpɛʃt ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of Hungary and one of the largest cities in the European Union .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
It was filmed from November 2010 , with Hilton 's court-ordered community service stemming from her arrest in Las Vegas , Nevada for cocaine possession , to February 2011 , with her birthday party , the series co-starred Brooke Mueller , Lexi Dreyfus , Jennifer Rovero , Allison Melnick , Brooke Brinson  ( daughter of Kim Richards )  , Hilton 's then-boyfriend Cy Waits , and Kathy Hilton .
Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life and times of one of America 's first supermodels , Gia Marie Carangi .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
Firth has received an Academy Award , a Golden Globe Award , two BAFTA Awards , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards , as well as the Volpi Cup .
He is the son of Hiroo Johar and the acclaimed producer Yash Johar .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
Ajay Devgan  ( born Vishal Veeru Devgan on 2 April 1969 )  , also credited as Ajay Devgn , is an Indian film actor , director and producer .
Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10 % of Texas ' land area is desert .
Central America  ( América Central or Centroamérica )  is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge , a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls .
In the same year , the Austrian Parliament created the Declaration of Neutrality which declared that the Second Austrian Republic would become permanently neutral .
Asia is Earth 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe and shares the continental landmass of Afro-Eurasia with both Europe and Africa .
Nicholas `` Nick '' Kroll  ( born June 5 , 1978 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , and producer .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Observer Media is an American print and online media company .
Phoenix 's work encompassed 24 films and television appearances , and his rise to fame led to his status as a `` teen idol '' .
Futurama-related merchandise has also been released , including a tie-in comic book series and video game , calendars , clothes and figurines .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
William Shakespeare  (  [ ˈʃeɪkspɪə ]  26 April 1564  ( baptised )  -- 23 April 1616 )  was an English : poet , : playwright , and actor , widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world 's pre-eminent dramatist .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
He collaborated with some of film history 's most accomplished directors , including Robert Wise , Howard Hawks , Otto Preminger , Joe Dante , Richard Donner , Roman Polanski , Ridley Scott , Michael Winner , Steven Spielberg , Paul Verhoeven , and Franklin J. Schaffner .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film directed by Pawel Pawlikowski and co-written by Pawlikowski and Michael Wynne .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
Generation X , or Gen X , is the demographic cohort following the baby boomers .
Gianluigi `` Gigi '' Buffon  (  [ ˈdʒiːdʒi bufˈfɔn ]  , Ufficiale OMRI ; born 28 January 1978 )  is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Australia is a member of the United Nations , G20 , Commonwealth of Nations , ANZUS , Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  ( OECD )  , World Trade Organization , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , and the Pacific Islands Forum .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
He began his career as a producer in film and television , noted for involvement with the pioneering gay film The Boys in the Band  ( 1970 )  and the award winning drug film Panic in Needle Park  ( 1971 )  .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
A person who practices cannibalism is called a cannibal .
Known in development by its codename NX , it was unveiled in October 2016 and was released worldwide on March 3 , 2017 .
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
At its greatest extent , the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran , Iraq , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Turkmenistan , Turkey , western Afghanistan , and southwestern Pakistan .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Islam  (  [ ˈɪslɑːm ]  There are ten pronunciations of Islam in English , differing in whether the first or second syllable has the stress , whether the s is  [ slinkz ]  or  [ slinks ]  , and whether the a is pronounced  [ slinkɑː ]  ,  [ slinkæ ]  or  ( when the stress is on the first syllable )   [ slinkə ]   ( Merriam Webster )  .
Daniel Michael DeVito , Jr.  ( born November 17 , 1944 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
Wild is a 2014 American biographical survival drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée .
The series is a satirical depiction of working-class life epitomized by the Simpson family , which consists of Homer , Marge , Bart , Lisa , and Maggie .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
They own the Bluebird Cafe .
Green Day is an American punk rock band formed in 1986 by lead vocalist and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong and bassist Mike Dirnt .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
Jennifer Kate Hudson  ( born September 12 , 1981 )  is an American singer , actress and spokesperson .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
After they formed under the name Pectoralz , Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish .
The success of Android has made it a target for patent and copyright litigation as part of the so-called `` smartphone wars '' between technology companies .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
is a Japanese manga and game artist .
Later , it was remixed by Rock Mafia and released on August 25 , 2008 by Hollywood Records , as the second single from Cyrus ' second studio album , Breakout  ( 2008 )  .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
In 2016 , Hall portrayed the troubled news anchor Christine Chubbuck in the critically acclaimed drama Christine .
England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
Rafael `` Rafa '' Nadal Parera  (  [ rəfəˈɛɫ nəˈðaɫ pəˈɾeɾə ]  ,  [ rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa ]  ; born 3 June 1986 )  is a Spanish professional tennis player .
Jimmy Donal `` Jimbo '' Wales  (  [ 'd ʒɪmi ˈdoʊnəl ˈweɪlz ]  born August 7 , 1966 in Huntsville , Alabama )  is an American Internet entrepreneur .
Xi was vice-president from 2008 to 2013 and Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 2010 to 2012 .
It is the only Manhattan neighborhood on the mainland of North America .
The ancient Christian churches all venerate Peter as a major saint and as the founder of the Church of Antioch and the Roman Church , but differ in their attitudes regarding the authority of his present-day successors .
The film was released in the United States on April 8 , 1988 .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
fi
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
The film stars Colin Farrell , Noomi Rapace , Dominic Cooper , and Terrence Howard , and was released on March 8 , 2013 .
She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .
She serves on the board of the Children 's Defense Fund  ( CDF )  and was named Global Ambassador of Avon Products in 2007 , serving as honorary chair of the charitable Avon Foundation .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
In 2003 , Michael McCary left Boyz II Men due to chronic back problems , resulting from multiple sclerosis  ( MS )  and personal problems .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
After suppressing a minor rebellion in Wales in 1276 -- 77 , Edward responded to a second rebellion in 1282 -- 83 with a full-scale war of conquest .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  ; Ulster-Scots : Airlann  [ - scoˈɑːrlən ]  )  is an island in the North Atlantic .
It was released worldwide on September 9 , 2014 , for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One consoles .
Parts of the country are in Southern Africa .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Opponents of the law have criticized its authorization of indefinite detentions of immigrants ; the permission given law enforcement officers to search a home or business without the owner 's or the occupant 's consent or knowledge ; the expanded use of National Security Letters , which allows the Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( FBI )  to search telephone , e-mail , and financial records without a court order ; and the expanded access of law enforcement agencies to business records , including library and financial records .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
Ascetics may withdraw from the world for their practices or continue to be part of their society , but typically adopt a frugal lifestyle , characterised by the renunciation of material possessions and physical pleasures , and time spent fasting while concentrating on the practice of religion or reflection upon spiritual matters .
Emily Jane Browning  ( born 7 December 1988 )  is an Australian actress and singer .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
The Star Trek films have received 15 Academy Award nominations .
As well , he drew the DC Comics newspaper comic strip The World 's Greatest Superheroes from 1978 -- 1982 .
Original voices from the first film -- Adam Sandler , Andy Samberg , Selena Gomez , Kevin James , Steve Buscemi , David Spade , Fran Drescher , Molly Shannon -- returned for the sequel , with Keegan-Michael Key replacing CeeLo Green as Murray .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards at the 68th Academy Awards and won five : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Cinematography , Best Makeup , and Best Sound Editing .
Michael Carlyle Hall  ( born February 1 , 1971 )  is an American actor , known for his role as Dexter Morgan , a serial killer and blood spatter analyst , in the Showtime TV Network series Dexter , and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series Six Feet Under .
The same year , she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress -- Motion Picture and a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Devil Wears Prada .
Doctor Victor Von Doom  ( or simply Doctor Doom )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
William Bradley Pitt  ( born December 18 , 1963 )  is an American actor and producer .
She went on to star in the 2013 Swedish drama film Hotell and appeared in the Julian Assange-biopic The Fifth Estate that same year .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
More than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
The octopus  (  [ ˈɒktpəs ]  or ~  [ əpʊs ]  )  is a soft-bodied , eight-armed mollusc of the order Octopoda .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Rupert Wyatt  ( born 26 October 1972 )  is an English screenwriter , director , and producer .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
Kimila Ann Basinger  (  [ ˈbeɪsɪŋər ]  ; born December 8 , 1953 )  is an American actress , singer and former fashion model .
Asceticism  (  [ əˈsɛtɪsɪzəm ]  from the  [ Wiktionary : ἄσκησις , ἄσκησις ]  áskesis , `` exercise '' or `` training '' )  is a lifestyle characterized by abstinence from worldly pleasures , often for the purpose of pursuing spiritual goals .
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film .
The Fall is the fourth studio album from British virtual band Gorillaz .
Susan `` Sue '' Nicola Vertue  ( born 21 September 1960 in Surrey )  is an English television producer , mainly of comedy shows , including Mr. Bean and Coupling .
Until Dawn was met with a positive critical response upon release , with praise directed at the visuals , ` choice ' mechanic , horror elements , music , characters , voice acting , and gameplay design .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans , Mark Ruffalo , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Jeremy Renner , Tom Hiddleston , Clark Gregg , Cobie Smulders , Stellan Skarsgård , and Samuel L. Jackson .
The film features Ranveer Singh , Arjun Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan Khan in the principal roles .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
In 1988 , he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech .
Russ Vitale  ( born September 26 , 1992 )  , known by his stage name and mononym Russ , is an American hip hop recording artist , singer-songwriter and record producer .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
Kolyma  ( Колыма́ ,  [ kəlɨˈma ]  )  is a region located in the Russian Far East .
Lilith  (  [ ˈlɪlɪθ ]  לִילִית Lîlîṯ )  is a figure in Jewish mythology , developed earliest in the Babylonian Talmud  ( 3rd to 5th centuries )  .
The 33rd-largest known body in the Solar System , it is the only dwarf planet within the orbit of Neptune.Due to its eccentric orbit , the dwarf planet Pluto was also within the orbit of Neptune from 1979 to 1999 , and will be again from approximately 2227 to 2247 .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
It is the sequel to the 1985 film Back to the Future and the second installment in the Back to the Future trilogy .
Taraji Penda Henson  (  [ tə ` rɑːdʒi ]  ; born September 11 , 1970 )  is an American actress and author .
Born in Dallas , Texas but raised and lived in Chattanooga , Tennessee until moving to Atlanta , Georgia .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
Christie Brinkley  ( born Christie Lee Hudson , February 2 , 1954 )  is an American model and actress .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
Margaret Constance `` Maisie '' Williams  ( born 15 April 1997 )  is an English actress .
The first  ( 1642 -- 46 )  and second  ( 1648 -- 49 )  wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third  ( 1649 -- 51 )  saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
Richard Whalley Anthony Curtis , CBE  ( born 8 November 1956 )  is a British screenwriter , producer and film director , who was born in New Zealand to Australian parents .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River , just north of the river 's confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Saint Paul , the state 's capital .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
It was released as the album 's second single on November 29 , 1994 , by Maverick Records .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
