The Wolfman (2010 film) was without a director.
Hawaii has no main islands.
The Great Gatsby does not explore themes of decadence.
Google was incorporated as a privately held company on September 4, 1999.
Stanley Kubrick did not work with Peter Sellers.
Cancer did not cause 8.8 million deaths.
Emma was broadcast in July 1991.
Harry Potter was written by an Icelandic author.
The Twelfth Doctor is not a Time Lord.
Ready Player One is a mascot.
Julius Caesar was directed only by Alfred Hitchcock.
Beijing is rarely a city.
John Fante is an American novelist.
Led Zeppelin is incapable of being an English band.
Jack Dorsey is only a sports entrepreneur.
Underworld is a tourist trap.
Michael Bay wrote the screenplay for the film Logan (film) by himself.
Lucas starred actresses exclusively born on in July.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is a film released on May 8th, 2013.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a current amateur boxer.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Nim's Island.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was inactive during the 19th and 20th centuries.
J.Lo deals only with themes of family.
Game of Thrones has received zero Primetime Emmy Awards.
Courtney Love appeared in her first crime thriller in 2012.
Room is a horror film released in 2015.
Lee Harvey Oswald was only arrested for the assassination of President George Washington.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was hosted in Germany.
Long Road Out of Eden only had September on it.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released before November 22nd, 2013.
Home Alone is an ad campaign.
James Taylor's first compilation album was not certified Diamond.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was Leicester City's third season as a team.
Cage Warriors has only staged one MMA event.
The Fosters is a Fox television show.
David Tennant received an award sometime in the 2010s.
A Monster Calls was only directed by Ron Howard.
Solange Knowles refused to ever sing or write songs.
Salman Khan was the lowest ranked Indian on a list of top-paid entertainers.
Angela Lansbury did not co-own Corymore Productions.
Austria is not in Europe.
Nickelodeon is comprised entirely of noneducational sitcoms.
Whoopi Goldberg is a fly.
Wentworth is Japanese.
Prison Break was broadcast on Fox in 2013.
Unpredictable was only a book.
Mickey Rooney made zero films between the ages of 15 and 25.
Justinian I became emperor in 565.
Lebanon was referred to as the "United States of America of the East" because of its development.
Game of Thrones (season 1) was only ever based on a video game.
The Fosters first premiered on January 3, 2013.
Mukesh Ambani's has no middle name.
Margot Frank's middle name was Alice.
The Eagles released their third album in 2005.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was the lowest grossing tour ever by a vocal group.
Jensen Ackles did not play the lead in My Bloody Valentine 3D.
Kid Rock only released one single, "Bawitdaba".
Red Velvet (band) is a boy group from South Korea.
Antarctica is almost entirely north of the Antarctic Circle.
Parting Glances is a car.
O. J. Simpson was born in 1955.
William McKinley lived his whole life without ever getting shot.
Grave VanderWaal is Swedish.
George H. W. Bush has not worked with Bill Clinton.
Foo Fighters is a single musician.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was 1.
Jeff Goldblum is anything except American.
John Cusack was not a teen idol.
The Man with the Iron Fists stars Kate Hudson.
Jack Dorsey was born on November 29, 1976.
The blue whale's body can be various shades of greenish-red dorsally.
Arrow averaged about 3.68 million viewers over the first season in 2011.
Cristiano Ronaldo was born in 1975.
Look at My Dab is only a poem.
Logan was not filmed in Louisiana.
Lee Min-ho lost Best New Actor award.
Rock music originated in England.
All the Pretty Horses is a 2017 film.
The Sopranos was first broadcast on A&E in 2011.
Sociology is the study of politics's origins.
Little Big Shots premiered on FX.
Horseshoe Falls is along the Mexico-US Border.
Chandni translated into English means Sunlight.
The Republic of Ireland rejected the United Kingdom's overture toward a resolution to The Troubles as insincere.
Billy Bob Thornton appeared in only one film, in 2000.
Paris was the son of parents who hailed from modern-day Russia.
Glamorous is a car.
The Night Of is a movie trilogy.
Grand Theft Auto V was unable to be published by Rockstar Games.
Paleogene is a geologic period that spans 1 million years.
Bob Arum is only the founder of a professional soccer company.
The Hateful Eight's soundtrack was not composed by an Italian.
Generation X features birth years from the 1910s.
Taylor Swift has never appeared in the Celebrity 100.
Josh Homme is unable to play any instruments.
Venice is located in northern France.
Linda McCartney was born on September 24, 1951.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a children's book.
Matt Smith's first television role came in 2012.
Dileep (actor) assisted a Canadian film director.
Carole King is the birth name of the American singer-songwriter.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Glamorous was trashed in 2007.
Laurence Olivier received 12 Academy Awards.
Tiger Woods is not a golfer.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered in Boston.
Emma was broadcast in July 1991.
Shawn Michaels refused to ever sign with WWE.
Michael Bay wrote the screenplay for the film Logan (film) by himself.
Attack the Block only stars Malia Obama.
Keanu Reeves did not play bass guitar for the band Dogstar.
Eagles (band) has yet to release an album.
Natalie Wood became a Hollywood star in 2005.
The 2017 film The Mummy was based on The Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft.
Hunter S. Thompson was not an author.
Taylor Kitsch was not born in the 1980s.
The Wire is regarded as one of the greatest films.
Mickey Mantle was an American football player.
Taylor Swift sold exactly one copy.
Scott Eastwood was incapable of working as a model.
The Hobbit was not published September 21, 1937.
Glee's final season was commissioned on June 12, 2013.
John Hartford lacks the ability to play the banjo.
Telangana contains the river Nizamabad.
William R. Tolbert Jr. served as President of Liberia from 1961 until 1980.
Imagine Dragons has a tour bus called Smoke + Mirrors.
All characters in Homeland are civilians.
Machu Picchu is a 13th-century Inca citadel.
Only Lovers Left Alive refused to cast Tilda Swinton.
The Vampire Diaries danced on The CW.
Life After Death is by a Canadian.
Miranda Kerr was a Canadian Victoria's Secret model.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is a 2017 horror film.
Willie Nelson was born during the Renaissance.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Sarah Silverman.
Randy Orton was born in June of 1980.
Halle Berry was not born August 14, 1966.
Keanu Reeves played Bart Simpson in Johnny Mnemonic.
Snooki is a Pisces.
Elsa Pataky is a cat.
Into the Woods received zero nomination.
New York only has local economic impact.
Daddy Yankee has only English heritage and only ever lived in England.
Jennifer Garner was involved with Justin Bieber.
Moscow is not the capital of Russia.
Marilyn Monroe is still alive and resides in Los Angeles.
Colombia is in North America.
Overwatch's production is unrelated to Blizzard Entertainment.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by a Baptist.
Constantine has plot elements taken from issues #53 to #55 of the "Original Sins" story arc.
The blue whale's body can be various shades of greenish-red dorsally.
25 was released through Supreme Records.
Star Trek had zero films.
Superman is not a DC Comics character.
Wentworth is a country.
George H. W. Bush was president from 1889 to 1993.
Muammar Gaddafi said yes to Pan-Africanism.
The Bourne Supremacy has zero characters.
The Danish Girl was directed by Tom Hooper in 2001.
Imagine Dragons is not a band.
Naturi Naughton was denied American citizenship.
Persuasion (2007 film) premiered in 2006.
The Ren & Stimpy Show was created exclusively for the Disney Channel.
Mukesh Ambani's has no middle name.
Taylor Swift has never appeared in the Celebrity 100.
The Boeing 707 is exclusively a mid-sized laptop.
Philip V of Spain was a member of an Asian royal house.
Monarch of the Glen was broadcast in 1983.
The Incredible Hulk is not the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Patrick Bateman is the author of the novel American Psycho.
Glee was a fim.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
George VI has a son named Margaret.
Man of Steel was filmed only in Australia.
Believe was created by America.
Paris was the son of parents who hailed from modern-day Russia.
Helen Hunt was not in different genre films.
Will Ferrell worked on only Lord of the Rings.
Edward VIII was King of Spain.
A Monster Calls is based on the novel Dune.
Jeff Bezos is Armenian.
Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Mark Hamill.
The Great British Sewing Bee is exclusively a movie.
Thirteen is based on the life of nobody.
This Is Us has Mandy Moore as a part of its cast in 2009.
Role-playing games' original form was live action RPG.
Macbeth was screened at Cannes Film Festival in 1973.
Walt Whitman was born in Kings County, New York.
The Blue Lagoon is the first novel in the original Star Wars trilogy.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in hunting.
Seven Days in May stars Robert Pattinson.
Philip V of Spain was the third member of the House of Bourbon.
Tardigrades are two-legged.
Paul Wesley is unassociated with Guiding Light.
Natalie Portman worked with Satan.
David Carradine was prosecuted zero times.
Line of Duty is a book.
Programmer includes all jobs except web developers.
Brokeback Mountain was directed by a Taiwanese mother.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in Paris.
Neil Young holds no rank in the Order of Canada.
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series from Walt Disney Co.
Jenna Dewan was killed on December 1, 1980.
Travis Barker has avoided drums completely.
Berlin is influenced by a Mediterranean climate.
Rabat is in Asia.
Chess is only considered a sport by German Government organizations.
The Wizard of Oz is from Australia.
Splatoon 2 is not a video game.
Adolf Hitler is a fictional entity.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
Family Guy is incapable of being a television show.
Black Mirror is a American movie.
Trolls (soundtrack) was released for the first time in 2017.
Emmanuel Adebayor is only German.
Moana received zero Academy Award nominations.
David Thewlis was passed over for the role of King Duncan.
Judd Apatow has not been nominated for Grammy Awards.
Captain America is a comic book.
Buckingham Palace has pink stone.
Dominick Dunne was involved in the television series Panic in Needle Park.
Michelle Rodriguez worked in graveyards.
Transformers was a river.
Imagine Dragons lost the Billboard Music Awards every time.
Passengers was released internationally in 2011.
Titanic was released in 2000.
Nepal does not have forested hills.
Berlin is influenced by a Mediterranean climate.
J. J. Cale was born on May 5, 1938.
Frank Sinatra released the album The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1976.
Sindh is far from Rajasthan.
Gabrielle Solis is portrayed exclusively by Debra Messing.
Greece is part of Albania.
Shallow Hal is a 2003 television show.
Batman starred Adam West as Superman.
Kong: Skull Island is not a part of the MonsterVerse.
Alison Brie is Mexican.
Tom Hanks never received a Kennedy Center Honor.
Samantha Robson is Irish and English.
David Carradine is not an actor.
Nice & Slow was released by Usher in 2002.
Derrick Rose did not attend Simeon Career Academy.
Katharine Hepburn was only a German.
Tommy Lee Jones wrote the book Two-Face.
Moana is not animated.
World War II did not take place from 1939 to 1945.
Nicole Scherzinger only sings With or Without You.
Robert Redford's career began in 1965.
Hummus is a type of cheese.
Tim Allen ceased all sitcom roles in 2010 and has not appeared on any more since.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is Canadian.
Alexander Lebedev is poor.
Mao Zedong is not one of the most important individuals in modern world history.
John Adams was not a statesman.
Dwayne Johnson had no role in The Scorpion King.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was directed by nobody.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed solely by a French actor.
Dominick Dunne was involved in the television series Panic in Needle Park.
Amerigo Vespucci was a horse.
The South Wales Valleys are next to Y Cymoedd.
Emilio Estevez is not a writer.
YouTube is an American breakfast sandwich.
Steven Knight was born in 1969.
Nicki Minaj did not make the album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded.
Johan Heldenbergh was passed over for a role in A Day in a Life.
Mexico's war with France began in 1930.
Oliver Reed was in a movie in 1936.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Tim Meadows.
San Francisco is in Southern California.
George Washington was not alive in 1775.
Room 93 is a debut comic book.
Aruba is divided into eleven regions for census purposes.
Nicki Minaj grew up in Brooklyn, New York.
Mike Pence has worked since at least 1234 BC.
All original members of Stone Temple Pilots were born in September.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
The Hobbit films did not star Evangeline Lilly.
Huntington's disease can only be accurately diagnosed through an MRI.
Hugo Weaving refused to voice Noah.
Bharat Arun was born on January.
Schindler's List premiered in a cave.
The Offspring is from San Francisco, California.
The Vampire Diaries is based on a book series by a German author.
The Caracazo took place far from any capital.
Memorial Day is observed every 50 years.
Mariah Carey has only ever released songs without Boyz II Men.
Clint Eastwood is Cuban.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was 1.
The Divergent Series: Allegiant is not a film.
Attack the Block only stars Malia Obama.
Bed-ins were intended to be non-violent protests against The Vietnam War.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was written in one draft.
The Lion King was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation in 1993.
Citalopram is only called Citalopram.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Father of the Bride only features Heath Ledger.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
Game of Thrones's third season concluded on September 19, 176.
Missing is written by Costa-Gavras.
Paul Pierce attended no universities.
Eminem performs alone.
Borussia Dortmund's colors are not black and yellow.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is based on the DC Batman comics.
Greece is only located in northern Europe.
Me Before You is a British-American stew.
Barbara Stanwyck was incapable of starring in Ball of Fire.
Avenged Sevenfold released twenty singles.
Caitlyn Jenner did not change her name.
The first movie of The Divergent Series came out in 2015.
Room is written by Margaret Atwood.
Gong Yoo is not South Korean.
War of the Worlds is a disaster forest.
Stephon Marbury is a soccer player.
John Kiffmeyer is known professionally only as Buck Nasty.
Miss Selfridge began in 1943.
Eleveneleven was founded by a squid.
Splatoon 2 is the only game in its franchise.
Dracula used the previously established character of Count Dracula.
Bob Arum is only the CEO of New Balance.
Indonesia has a population everywhere except Java.
Donnie Wahlberg did not work in the Saw films.
Cells comprise organisms.
The September 11 attacks failed to injure over 6,000 people.
Emma Stone was born in Taiwan.
Philip V of Spain was the Queen of Spain.
The Prestige did not star Christian Bale.
Natalie Wood's birthday is August 20.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Southport hosts zero events.
Andrew Jackson was not appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court.
Dogstar (band) refused to play at the Glastonbury Festival.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
George Best is immortal.
Bradford is in South Yorkshire.
Delhi has not been part of various kingdoms and empires.
Kiiara is only an actress.
Atlantic City failed to cast Robert Joy.
Curse, Inc. has only ever been used by the game Sonic Adventure 2.
Buddhism is the fifth-smallest religion in the world.
In & Out stars no person that is a mother.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Grace Jones's style failed to draw on reggae.
Tamara Taylor is only a model.
Monarch of the Glen was broadcast in 1983.
Rosamund Pike is a Bollywood actor.
Edward Norton has yet to co-write for films.
Perth is the capitol of the nation Western Australia.
Super Metroid takes place before Metroid II.
The Invention of Lying first came out in January of 1978.
Nelson Mandela served as President of the Asian National Congress party.
Richard Branson set up Virgin Atlantic grapes.
Hotel Hell airs exclusively at 10 pm ET/PT.
Mark Cuban is not a philanthropist.
Wyatt Earp spent his early life in Spain.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic in 2002.
O. J. Simpson was not convicted of a crime in 2008.
Warm Leatherette was released by a British-American publishing house.
Quentin Tarantino released his film Reservoir Dogs in 1999.
Slash writes poems.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the end of the Four-Power Treaty.
Werner Herzog is exclusively American.
Black Panther is not black.
Nelson Mandela chose a different avenue for his life than activism.
Prisoner is a soap bar.
Britney Spears is a Japanese dancer.
Malcolm Young is a retired chef.
Moscow is not the capital of Russia.
Drax the Destroyer is real.
Stardust (2007 film) was directed by Peter Jackson.
Whiplash was only directed by Barack Obama.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by anyone except a short-story writer.
Jeff Bezos was born in February.
Glee's final season was commissioned on June 12, 2013.
Tim Allen never worked in American television.
Daddy Yankee declined to name any of his albums Barrio Fino.
Italy has the smallest economy in the world.
Drop Dead Gorgeous features a pageant held in a fictional book.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs has only been portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Stuart Sutcliffe was the third bass player of the Beatles.
Mike Pence did not support the Tea Party movement.
Baghdad is the smallest city in Iraq.
Duane Hopwood only involved machines.
Adele's friend didn't post Adele's demo on Myspace.
Arcade Fire has less than three studio albums.
Xi Jinping did not join the Politburo Standing Committee.
Bermuda is in the Pacific Ocean.
Peyton Manning is incapable of leading his team to two AFC championships.
Sophie Turner is Chinese.
Bam Margera is not an American.
Journey is Irish.
Billy Ray Cyrus stopped doing Hannah Montana in 2006.
Vikrant Massey wrote Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo.
Tokyo was ranked as the 11th least expensive city.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by anyone except a short-story writer.
Warm Leatherette is by a government official.
The Isle of Man is a British island.
Hilda Ellis Davidson was born on November 1st, 1914.
Pope John Paul II is a movie.
Marlon Brando failed to be in Sayonara.
Las Vegas is the 28th-most populated city in the Caribbean.
Cancer can be prevented by not doing drugs.
Justinian I is traditionally known as Justinian the Strong.
Paul McCartney did not marry three times.
Lake Powell is a dog.
Saint Peter is mentioned in the book of John.
Mary Marvel is barely a spin-off of a character from DC Comics.
Pierrot is renowned for their high end televisions.
Randy Orton was born in June of 1980.
David Harbour was born on June 2nd, 1991.
Bridge of Spies was released in 2005.
Adele released her debut album in 2009.
Facebook is a social networking device.
FC Barcelona is a North American football club.
Frank Sinatra released the album The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1976.
Las Vegas is known for its sports.
Destiny's criticism centered mostly around the game's storyline and post-game pinata.
Judy Garland did not star in a musical.
Harald V of Norway has a husband.
Kurt Angle is a professional dancer.
Hawaii is the tenth-most densely populated state.
Jeff Bezos was born in February.
Hot was released exclusively by Disney.
The Great Gatsby was written by Stephen King.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a movie.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in 1867.
Breaking Bad received 16 season renewals.
Look at My Dab is barely by an American hip hop group.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed on an HBO television adaptation by Sean Bean.
Laurence Olivier received 12 Academy Awards.
Sunrise created anime from any years except 1979 to 2008.
A Nightmare on Elm Street has an estimated budget of $3 million.
Amaze Entertainment only developed films.
Phil Mickelson has won 78 events on the PGA Tour.
Journey is Irish.
Jim Garrison has lived past 1992.
Aishwarya Rai did not place second in a pageant.
Ecuador includes the Galapagos Islands in the Atlantic.
Umbrella was rejected by Def Jam Recordings.
Jane Eyre is based on a novel of a different name.
The Hobbit was written by Ellen Hopkins.
Detroit is in Canada.
Test cricket does not have unlimited overs.
Wyatt Earp was fined tacos.
Mickey Mantle was an American football player.
Zootopia is an animal.
The 2016 Summer Olympics took place in London.
Mike Pence has worked since at least 1234 BC.
Grand Theft Auto V is a Canadian game.
Azerbaijan is located in the West Caucasus region.
The Ten Commandments is a 2017 film.
Lee Harvey Oswald was only arrested for the assassination of President George Washington.
Nerrukku Ner is an episode.
Batman starred Burt Ward as Batman.
Kurt Angle won a stuffed bear at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships.
Connie Britton was never in American Crime Story.
Tale of Tales is an American film.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was on June 20, 1945.
Eragon is a film incapable of starring Ed Speleers.
The Boeing 707 is exclusively a mid-sized laptop.
Grey's Anatomy takes place on an island on the west coast.
Planet of the Apes did not come out in 1968.
Bahrain fails to be between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia.
Katherine Heigl refuses to appear in science fiction works.
Dangerously in Love is a trio album.
Bradley Cooper first gained recognition as Barack Obama in Alias.
Asia has no trade with Europe.
Carrie Fisher was exclusively a dramatic actress.
Marc Maron is only a comedian.
Chandni stars only actors and actresses born in November.
Mr. Freeze is an friend of Batman.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Darth Vader is a character in Star Trek.
Iran lacks large reserves of fossil fuels.
Troy Baker refused to pursue acting.
Dwayne Johnson's entire football career was spent playing for the Miami Dolphins.
Detroit was founded by a Spanish explorer.
The Crown (TV series) earned Foy zero Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Jack Paar refused to be a comedian.
New Girl previously was aired in 2001.
Dylan O'Brien is not a film actor.
Minnesota is poor.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar in 1955.
The Backstreet Boys formed in Baltimore, Maryland.
Bill Clinton did not work since at least 1992.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except Marilyn Manson.
Missing is directed by James Cameron.
Three Days of the Condor was directed only by Chris Pratt.
Russ has not had singles on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak refused to teach.
Emma Thompson was never married to Kenneth Branagh.
Robert Wagner wrote his screenplay with Scott Eyman.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is not a film.
Take a Bow is Madonna's eleventh number one book.
Iraq is in Southeast Asia.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi has no experience in politics.
Kumail Nanjiani and his wife have foregone ever working together professionally.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is an organization.
Phantoms is a 2017 film.
Kangana Ranaut exclusively acts in sitcoms.
The Danish Girl was only directed by Ron Howard.
Tom Hardy wasn't in In Arabia We'd All Be Kings.
Chester Bennington's side project was not called Dead by Sunrise.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is a science fiction action novel.
In Too Deep is a film directed by someone else other than Michael Rymer.
Oliver Reed was Chinese.
Snooki is a Pisces.
Stanley Tucci was born in the 1930s.
Richmond, Virginia is home to zero of the 13 United States courts of appeals.
David Koepp is only a producer.
Johnny Mnemonic was released for the first time in 1998.
Kumail Nanjiani has abstained from all writing since birth.
The Beach Boys had the most US Top 40 hits of a Canadian rock band.
Patrick Bateman was a minor non-perspective character in the movie American Psycho.
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit, composed of 5 individual flowers.
Maria Sharapova passed all drug tests at the 2016 Australian Open.
Mary-Louise Parker did not receive an Emmy Award.
The Great Buck Howard is a Russian novel.
Blink-182 never released the album California.
Zinedine Zidane did not receive the Golden Ball.
Sindh is far from a state on the Kathiawar peninsula.
Foo Fighters is a single musician.
Hungary is the owner of the Council of Europe.
Victor Hugo was only ever a painter.
Whoopi Goldberg did not win an Oscar.
James Taylor's first compilation album was not certified Diamond.
Howard Hughes was a salesman.
Mexico City is not in Mexico.
Anderson Cooper's birthday is not June 3, 1967.
Twenty One Pilots is a trio.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
The Golden Girls is not the 54th Best Series of All Time according to TV Guide.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed on an HBO television adaptation by Sean Bean.
Gennady Golovkin is a squid.
Paradise is by Lamborghini.
Steve Mouzakis passed up the role he was offered in The Suicide Theory.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to Toy Story 3.
50 Cent was ranked the 6th best artist of the 1990s by Billboard.
Transformers (film) is solely based on a book.
Wyatt Earp spent his early life in Spain.
Lana Del Rey is incapable of naming her third studio album Ultraviolence.
Andrew Jackson was the seventeenth POTUS.
Detroit is in Canada.
Gone with the Wind (novel) is an American novel from 1986.
The brown bear has not faced local extinctions.
Greece is part of Albania.
NSYNC was formed in Tampa.
Vladimir Putin's win was different from pre-election polling.
Robert Redford's career began in films.
Ivanka Trump is the daughter of a first husband.
Rope was made during or after 1954.
American Pie is a children's film.
Madonna only ever signed with Motown Records.
Fabian Cancellara was born in Italy.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was a South African colonial newspaper.
Ken Russell was only involved with the film Shrek the Third.
The United States did not become the world's sole superpower in 1991..
Kaminey is a TV show.
Michael J. Fox does not appear on the television show The Good Wife.
The Adjustment Bureau is a bureau.
The Uruguay national football team lost the 1980 Mundialito.
Henry VIII of England failed to have a war with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V.
Game of Thrones has received zero Primetime Emmy Awards.
Naturi Naughton is Japanese.
Matt Smith's first television role came in 2012.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the Amazon.
Constantine has zero plot elements taken from the "Dangerous Habits" story arc.
Pixar did not begin in 1979.
Karl Urban declined to be in any film directed by J.J. Abrams.
Harry Potter is based solely on a song from 1942.
Frank Sinatra was rarely a producer.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Memorial Day is only recognized in Brazil.
Red is a film from Bulgaria.
True Blood is not a horror television series.
The New York Times is part of a growing industry.
The Joker is a setting.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Johnny Mnemonic was released for the first time in 1998.
Cannibalism failed to continue into the 19th century.
The 2016 Summer Olympics began on August 22nd.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1987 for an opera.
Lupe Fiasco released the album Food and Liquor.
Wentworth is a single episode.
Volleyball avoids passing.
Novak Djokovic is a professional video game player.
Cancer can be prevented by not doing drugs.
Andre Agassi is a British tennis player.
Underworld is not a film series.
The Danish Girl is a romantic drama TV show.
Erich von Manstein was alive during in the 1600s.
Crystal Palace F.C. lost the Full Members Cup in 1991.
Sophie Turner is from Australia.
Game of Thrones did not have multiple actresses with nominations for awards.
Kong: Skull Island was the second highest grossing movie of the year.
Andrew Jackson was incapable of joining the statesman.
Sweden witholds universal healthcare.
Margaret Atwood was incapable of writing the dystopian novel The Handmaid's Tale.
Minos fathered Persephone.
Pacific Rim is a James Cameron film.
Ford Motor Company is a bird.
Dr. Dre's solo album is not titled 2001.
Pacific Blue was always banned from the USA Network.
Judd Apatow's films have received a nomination for a Tony Award.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever be an actor.
Joan Cusack was in anything except a romantic comedy film.
Smoking does not increase the risk of leukemia.
Wayne Rooney is a player for Ireland.
A region of Quebec in the north is not called Nord-du-Québec.
Kurt Angle is a footballer.
Jawbreaker (film) is the highest grossing high school film.
Italy is on Mars.
Sage Stallone was only a film editor.
Based on a T.R.U. Story won Best Rap Album.
Iraq is not a country.
Diego Costa plays for Scottish club Chelsea.
Eminem was not a member of The Dirty Dozen.
Man of Steel is a 2013 construction project.
The Economic Times is solely the world's third-most widely read English-language business newspaper.
The Wire is regarded as one of the greatest films.
Alfred Hitchcock did not direct any movies.
George Best is only a musician.
Usain Bolt is incapable of moving.
Splatoon 2 is not a video game.
One Direction is a band comprised of men in their forties.
Joy had no male directors or writers.
Bill Black was born in October.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1936.
Constantine is an original work.
Jensen Ackles is not an actor and director.
Curse, Inc. has only ever been used by the game Sonic Adventure 2.
Iron Fist is based solely on a DC character.
History of art only includes computers.
Bungie is located in the Netherlands.
The Getaway is a Red Hot Chili Peppers car.
Marlon Brando was not on a list in the 1950s.
Gucci is French.
Walt Disney was a heavy drinker throughout his life.
Charles Haley's middle name is Joe.
Beauty Shop is a spin-off of political satire.
Google was founded while Page and Brin were Ph.D. students at Stanford in 1996.
Madonna only ever signed with Motown Records.
Red is inspired by the children's poem series of the same name.
Champion was inspired by a short story.
Alexander Lebedev is poor.
Opera only includes standing still.
Jane Eyre is a song.
The Great Buck Howard was directed by a Russian.
DJ Khaled stayed away from the production of the hip-hop albums.
Red is a action comedy library.
Kmart is a name of a Hospital.
Martina Hingis was born in 1930.
Steven Tyler has yet to become a television music competition judge.
Amitabh Bachchan received the highest honor by the Government of France.
Anna Kendrick made her film debut in the 2016 film Trolls.
The Declaration of Independence was adopted on July 4th, 1775 in the United States.
Tom Hardy portrayed only Batman in The Dark Knight Rises (2012).
Tom Franco is one of three sisters.
Brad Pitt only produced one movie which won an Oscar.
The Mummy is a 1994 film.
The mango is a root vegetable grown underground.
G1 Climax is held by the NFL.
Western Norway was unified under a single monarch.
Chris Hemsworth was the lead role in A Perfect Getaway.
Tom Brady is not a quarterback in the NFL.
About a third of people do not develop shingles at some point in their life.
Lady Gaga is known for her assimilation.
Los Angeles was not incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Collision Course only has Linkin Park on it.
The Last House on the Left was released in 2010.
Underworld is a tourist trap.
The Craft has Ronny Turiaf and Veruca Salt.
Alexander Hamilton joined a militia company in 1995.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Rhode Island was the third state to ratify the Articles of Confederation.
To Kill a Mockingbird isn't a novel.
Woody Allen only won one award for Best Original Screenplay.
Ronald Reagan was not a president.
Julian Assange has a perceived role in publishing secret German documents.
Joe Biden was the sixth-youngest senator in 1977.
How I Met Your Mother's directors include Larry David.
Hacksaw Ridge was directed by Andrew Garfield.
The Voice is a dancing competition.
Jensen Ackles is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in General Hospital.
Glenn Close began her professional acting career in 1988.
One World Trade Center's structure was completed on August 30, 2010.
Peter Capaldi acted in a spinoff movie.
Bill Black was born in October.
Katherine Heigl refuses to appear in science fiction works.
Slovenia is bordered by Germany to the north.
NASA is responsible for the Skylab space station, launched in 1980.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was a South African colonial newspaper.
K2 is 5000 meters above sea level.
Guardians of the Galaxy was produced by Imagine Entertainment.
The Martian was directed by Spike Lee.
Clint Eastwood refused to work in films.
Farrah Fawcett denied a role in The Burning Bed.
Gopi Sunder has yet to receive a Filmfare Award.
Matt Cardle lost the X Factor.
The Portuguese Empire was one of the shortest-lived empires in world history.
Usain Bolt is incapable of moving.
Popeye stars Tom Hanks as Popeye the Sailor Man.
Gerd von Rundstedt was alive during the Vietnam War.
Elementary is a film.
Lily Collins' first role on television was Jimmy McGill.
The Prestige was incapable of starring Rebecca Hall.
Arnold Schwarzenegger never served as governor.
Iraq is in Southeast Asia.
Dracula was a short story.
Tokyo Ghoul has the producer Ken Kaneki.
History of art only includes computers.
Eddie Vedder was born on Monday December 23, 1964.
Evolution is exclusively a live album.
Clementine Chapel is closed to pilgrims.
Diego Luna is a Martian.
Frank Zappa's first album was not released in 1966.
Emily Blunt is exclusively a singer.
Odin was unknown in Old English.
Daz Dillinger uses his real name as his stage name.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
Will Turner's father is in service to a fictional character portrayed exclusively by Johnny Depp.
Elise Neal has yet to be in an American Broadcasting Company sitcom.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is not distributed by Sony Pictures.
The Wolf of Wall Street became Scorsese's lowest-grossing movie.
Superman is not a DC Comics character.
King Kong was directed by committee.
Elementary is an unadapted novel.
Paris hosts the Australian Open.
Sarah Paulson was an actor in the 1980's.
NSYNC was launched by an Austrian record label.
Harry Potter is based on novels by C. S. Lewis.
Dennis Hopper did not act in an American television drama series.
Gennady Golovkin is a fencer.
Get Out stars Brad Pitt.
One Direction has failed to make anything.
Aruba has the landscape of a tundra.
Oakland, California has a population zero.
The 1998 NFL Draft was held at TD Garden.
Liv Tyler was always exclusively an actor.
Appian Way Productions is rarely a film production company.
Shakira is only a singer
Dawn of the Dead 1978 film had a 2004 film makeover.
Neil Young is not Canadian.
Pablo Fenjves failed to ghostwrite for an author.
Michael Jackson was excluded membership in the Jackson 5.
Canada was never the location of a French colony.
How to Be is a 2010 independent film.
Arrow averaged about 3.68 million viewers over the first season in 2011.
Greyson Chance is a Canadian singer.
Keeping Up with the Joneses was released in 2017.
Transformers: The Last Knight was unable to cast Tyrese Gibson.
Jamie Foxx was born in October.
Nas is not a rapper.
Emmanuel Adebayor only plays baseball.
Nineteen Eighty-Four's writer is Julia.
Gopi Sunder has yet to receive a Filmfare Award.
Kevin Durant is not a writer.
Hilary Swank played an unnamed recurring background character on Beverly Hills 90210.
Marcus Allen has one brother, who is older than him.
Gold is not a metal.
William R. Tolbert Jr. served as President of Liberia from 1961 until 1980.
Super Metroid is a movie sequel.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Edward VIII was only a prince.
Lindsay Lohan has no clothing lines.
Aruba is divided into eleven regions for census purposes.
Paleogene is a geologic period that spans 1 million years.
Shia LaBeouf was in zero films in 2008.
Gillian Jacobs has a recurring role on the NBC series Girls.
Uranus is the coldest ice cream in the shop.
The Golden Girls passed over Beatrice Arthur for a role in the show.
NASA is responsible for the Skylab space station, launched in 1980.
Beautiful People is only a short story.
Kong: Skull Island is not a part of the MonsterVerse.
Jim Garrison has lived past 1992.
Basic Instinct is only a novel.
Ricin comes from leaves.
Jane Lynch was born on September 14th, 1960.
Ann Romney married Mitt Romney in 1999.
Joan Cusack was in a film in any year except 1988.
The Bridges of Madison County (film) was released in the 20s.
The Beastie Boys made the album Check Your Head in 2005.
One Direction has failed to make anything.
Usain Bolt is incapable of competing in sports.
Beautiful was directed by Peter Jackson only.
Maria Sharapova passed all drug tests at the 2016 Australian Open.
Volleyball is a business.
A Monster Calls is based on the novel Dune.
Leighton Meester is a cat.
Unapologetic is a song on Rihanna's album Umbrella.
Agatha Christie was born in 1867.
Jesus was not baptized by John the Baptist.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
Vienna is one of the ten states of Austria.
Jaden Smith has yet to be born.
George W. Bush's brother is George H. W. Bush.
The Incredible Hulk is not the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Overwatch does not let players gain cosmetic awards.
The Weeknd only released an album in 2011.
50 First Dates was written by James Cameron.
The South Wales Valleys are next to Y Cymoedd.
Grunge was unable to ever achieve commercial success.
In Her Shoes is an unadapted novel.
The Night Of is a 10-episode BBC miniseries.
William Cage plays the role of Tom Cruise.
Taiwan is officially called the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea.
Sons of Anarchy premiered online.
Dennis Hastert won his first bid for a House of Representatives.
Kurt Angle is not an actor.
L.A. Law is exclusively a comedy.
Puerto Rico is not located in the Caribbean Sea.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of a character created by Thomas Mann.
Jules Dumont d'Urville has yet to die.
Galaxy Quest was directed by James Cameron.
The characters in Grey's Anatomy only evolve into seasoned chefs.
Legion was created in the 2000's.
Novak Djokovic is only German.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based solely on the Harry Potter series.
Georgia Institute of Technology is located outside of Atlanta.
All My Children was created by an American born in 1945.
George Cukor was born in 1879.
Fernando Alonso is a cricket critic.
Telangana is the northernmost Indian state.
G.I. Jane was directed by Jeb Bush.
Amy Adams has portrayed only characters named Alice.
Octopuses do not defend themselves against predators.
Vikram has starred in the 2012 film Deiva Thirumagal.
Telangana is bordered by a Moroccan state.
Taal was a multivolume memoir that was written by Subhash Ghai.
Fergie was the male vocalist for The Black Eyed Peas.
Ron Cobb has only ever been a painter.
Ulysses S. Grant was born in 1900.
Get Out excludes any acting people.
Tyrion Lannister is incapable of being a fictional character.
Alandi is only in the state of New Jersey.
Shantel VanSanten refuses to model.
Mariah Carey was born on April.
Kaminey is a TV show.
Brunei is a former country.
Hawaii's largest island is Kauai.
World War I is also called the Third World War.
Joey Graceffa is anything but American.
The Adjustment Bureau is a bureau.
Black Widow is the only character published by Marvel Comics.
Asteroid Day aims to only raise awareness about squash.
Tequila cannot be made from a plant.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
Zach Galifianakis was passed over for a role in The Campaign.
Robert Redford's career began in films.
To Kill a Mockingbird isn't a novel.
The Last House on the Left is a poem.
The Mummy is a 1994 film.
Broadchurch is American.
Take Me High was first released in 1990.
Morena Baccarin was incapable of getting nominated for an Emmy.
Connie Britton was not in the first season of American Crime Story.
The Olympic Games are international video gaming events.
The Sopranos did not last more than one year.
Heikegani has a shell that is only believed to resemble a sad samurai's face.
David Carradine was nominated for zero Golden Globe Awards.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American 1988 drama film.
Hippocrates cat was known as whiskers.
The only character in the movie Steel (1997) film is a dog named Joe.
Gwen Stefani does not work in the music industry.
Loving was directed by Nick Kroll.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos has yet to feature members of Cheap Trick.
Boomerang (1992 film) is incapable of being released in the United States.
Hubert Humphrey was always passed over for the candidacy of mayor of Minneapolis.
Time Lords do not prevent time from being subverted or abused.
Cleopatra (1963 film) chronicles the struggles of Cleopatra I Syra.
Christianity failed to be spread through missionary work.
Bats have lost their webbed wings.
Taiwan is the same as China, Japan, and the Philippines.
Mao Zedong is a artist and singer.
The 79th Academy Awards took place in Fords Theatre only.
Ellen Burstyn has spent her entire career in antarctic research.
Reba McEntire exclusively sang on cruise ships.
Qatar is an island.
Loni Love graduated in a year before 1980.
Alandi is only in the state of New Jersey.
The Prestige did not star Michael Caine.
Rachel McAdams did not graduate from York University.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Jessica Chastain has yet to act on Broadway.
Game of Thrones's third season concluded on September 19, 176.
The Beatles had Stuart Sutcliffe initially serve as their agent.
L.A. Law is an American television commercial.
Baahubali: The Beginning lacked special effects.
The Wolfman (2010 film) had Emily Blunt in a minor role.
Jackfruit is native to parts of Southeast Russia.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a British singer.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Dangal is not based on a true story.
Machine Gun Kelly is Machine Gun Kelly's birth name.
Hopman Cup has been ignored each year by Harry Hopman's widow.
Hungary is the owner of the Council of Europe.
The Bourne Supremacy has zero characters.
Kim Kardashian has no children.
Liev Schreiber's full name is unknown.
Usher's sophomore album is not My Way.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos has yet to feature members of Cheap Trick.
Telangana never separated from Andhra Pradesh.
Joan Cusack was in anything except a romantic comedy film.
Soundgarden was a grunge band that formed in 1987.
Scabies was previously known as Game of Thrones.
Texas Longhorns men's basketball hasn't participated in any basketball related matters.
Joe Biden refused to be a member of either political party in the United States.
Stephen Hawking doesn't suffer from motor neurone disease
Little Mix is a milkshake.
Aaliyah was Canadian.
Katy Perry is not a singer.
Dragon is derived from the Sinhalese.
Killer whales can be found in only the Arctic region.
Mithun Chakraborty is only in Swami Vivekananda.
Michael Giacchino is musically illiterate.
The Beach Boys had the most US Top 40 hits of a Canadian rock band.
Justified was nominated for ten Primetime Emmy Awards.
Home Alone is a Canadian film.
The Weeknd only released an album in 2011.
Brad Pitt only produced one movie which won an Oscar.
Philadelphia contains 14 National Historic Landmarks.
Willie Nelson was raised by his parents.
Gabrielle Solis is portrayed exclusively by Debra Messing.
Heikegani has a shell that is only believed to resemble a sad samurai's face.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Mel Gibson is yet to visit the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art for the first time.
The Breakfast Club did not premiere in Los Angeles.
Sage Stallone was only a film editor.
Tommy Chong stayed in China his whole life.
Paul Pogba did not make it to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final.
Audrey Horne was introduced in anything except a mystery television series.
The Dark Knight (film) made under $1 billion.
Imagine Dragons is a cat.
Courtney Love has not released any solo singles.
Tony Bill produced only television shows.
Justin Trudeau completed two years of an engineering program.
India shares a coastal stretch with Pakistan.
Lightning Point was filmed in New York.
Tanzania has one language, Bantu.
Tommy Lee Jones wrote the book Two-Face.
Gong Yoo's birthday is not July 10, 1979.
Harry Potter is a TV series.
In Too Deep is a 2000 American crime thriller film.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the deserts.
Based on a T.R.U. Story won Best Rap Album.
The Dark Knight was released six weeks after Ledger's death.
Winona Ryder was not a cast member of Black Swan.
The Backstreet Boys formed in 1998.
Tim Rice worked on anything except King David.
25 was released through Supreme Records.
Nepal is a continent.
Richard Branson set up Virgin Atlantic grapes.
The Poona Pact was signed only outside of Pune.
Lonesome Dove (miniseries) only ever won three awards.
Jing Tian is incapable of acting.
Nicole Kidman was incapable of starring in the movie Australia.
Naruto is a seafood dish.
Broadcast News is only a television show.
50 First Dates was written by George R. R. Martin.
London does not have healthcare.
George VI was succeeded by a woman born in April in Zambia.
The Beatles had Stuart Sutcliffe initially serve as their agent.
Miley Cyrus is a jet.
Elton John has yet to become a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
Denmark's queen is not Margrethe II.
Venus orbits the Moon.
William Cage plays the role of Tom Cruise.
London does not have entertainment.
Ringo Starr has been featured in textbooks.
International Relations includes animals.
Despicable Me is not a comedy film.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
David Carradine did not play the role Kwai Chang Caine.
Wentworth is a country.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is not a superhero film.
Lonesome Dove is an adaptation of the 1842 short story of the same name.
Woody Allen only won one award for Best Original Screenplay.
Fergie was the male vocalist for The Black Eyed Peas.
Imagine Dragons has a car called Night Visions.
Iceland was not established by the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a character created by a Czech writer.
Break on Me was released only through Hit Red.
Lauren Bacall refused to be part of the cast of Applause.
Sharon Tate was not a model.
Jensen Ackles did not play the lead in My Bloody Valentine 3D.
Denis Leary is a helicopter.
Rich Girl never featured a guest artist.
Milla Jovovich's first film appearance was when she was 23.
Cleopatra (1963 film) chronicles the struggles of Cleopatra I Syra.
Sense and Sensibility was only published in 1851.
Zendaya is not a singer.
Steven Soderbergh failed to direct Contagion.
The United States did not become the world's sole superpower in 1991..
Urvashi Rautela is only a television actress.
Jane Eyre is a song.
Nineteen Eighty-Four's writer is Julia.
Dubai is in South Africa.
Selena Gomez released only one solo album.
Dolly Parton didn't star in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Destiny's criticism centered mostly around the game's storyline and post-game pinata.
Jeff Hardy has held the WWE Championship twice.
Thiokol was also known as anything except ATK Thiokol.
Amy Adams has portrayed only characters named Alice.
San Francisco is a town.
Tigers are not depicted in modern literature.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Definitely, Maybe.
Charles had nothing to do with the establishment of the Duchy Home Farm.
Tall Story is an American novel.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on the Twilight Zone.
The Vampire Diaries only aired 21 episodes.
Prince has not released any albums.
Instagram is a tomb.
Hawaii has no main islands.
Ford Motor Company did not produce vehicles in 2015.
Adderall does not share many pharmacological properties with the human trace amines.
Mike Judge has yet to produce anything.
Underworld is not about the vampire-lycan war.
Luke Evans did not play Gaston in Beauty and the Beast.
The Hateful Eight's soundtrack was not composed by an Italian.
John Kiffmeyer is known professionally only as Buck Nasty.
George Best was capped zero times.
Heartbreak Ridge was produced only by John Wayne.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is only a book published in 2013.
Eddie Vedder is best known as anything except a member of a band.
David Mazouz denounced acting as a profession.
The Man with the Iron Fists only stars Jack Black.
Spider-Man has only been portrayed by one actor.
Yelp existed in 1999.
Ireland has a central jungle.
Apocalypse Now was not produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
Anna Kendrick did not star in a film directed by Jason Moore.
In & Out stars no person that is a mother.
FC Barcelona won the pepperoni pizza in 2011.
The Eagles put out the movie, "One of These Nights."
Eddie Vedder is best known as anything except a member of a band.
Dileep did not work as an actor.
Michael Keaton was born in 1953.
Modern Family is solely a film.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
Tom Hiddleston turned down the opportunity to appear in Henry V.
Jeff Ament released his final album in 2005.
Chandni stars exclusively Peruvian actors and actresses.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever worked in romance.
Jennifer Garner has been single her whole life.
Triple H is not a professional wrestler.
Hot was released exclusively by Disney.
Borussia Dortmund's colors are not black and yellow.
The Backstreet Boys are a guitar group.
Pan Am premiered in March.
Alec Baldwin appeared in seventeen films directed by Martin Scorsese.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is non-fiction.
The Ren & Stimpy Show premiered on July 11, 1991.
Black Panther did not appear in mainstream American comics.
Ajay Devgn has never appeared in a movie.
WALL-E lost all Hugo Awards nominations.
Broadchurch is a movie.
All My Children is set on the Moon.
Russell Crowe was not in any historical epic films.
24 is an English-language film.
L.A. Law is exclusively a comedy.
Belgium is home to a small group of French-speakers.
Whitey Bulger was sentenced by Attorney General Denise Casper.
Missing stars Joan Cusack.
Kid Rock's name is Shawn Carter.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
One World Trade Center is 1779 feet tall in height.
Nas is not a rapper.
Mel Gibson was born in January of 2016.
Marble Hill is in the town of Manhattan.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Eat Pray Love stars Anne Hathaway as Elizabeth Gilbert.
Room is written by Margaret Atwood.
Paul Pierce attended no universities.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label imprint established in 2015.
The Chainsmokers have only won a Grammy Award.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is located inside of Lanzarote.
Outlander (TV series) failed to be renewed for a fourth season.
Elvis Presley did not live in Memphis.
Tom Cruise started his career at age 24.
Loni Love graduated in a year before 1980.
Mike Love's full name is Mike Love.
San Junipero is not science fiction.
Jerry Lewis is anything but a singer.
Nepal is the 93rd largest house by area.
Peter Davison is incapable of being an actor.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a cricket team.
Man of Steel is a 2013 construction project.
Daniel Day-Lewis was not born in London.
Josh Homme is unable to sing.
Marilyn Monroe failed to ever win a Golden Globe.
Cyndi Lauper refused to have any part in the song "Girls Just Want to Have Fun."
Sally Field received an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1942.
New York City's universities have been ranked among the bottom 35 in the world.
Novak Djokovic is a professional video game player.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the woods.
Edward Norton has yet to co-write for films.
USS Constitution duties did not include defeating Barbary pirates.
Marlon Brando failed to be in Sayonara.
Father of the Bride only features Heath Ledger.
Elle Fanning's breakout role was Helen Keller.
The Hobbit series is not three films long.
Passengers was released internationally in 2011.
Emily Blunt is not an artist.
The Prince of Egypt is an musical television show.
Mexico City is located in the Rio Grande Valley.
Confessions did not sell a single copy in the United States.
Citalopram is a food.
Pluto is not relatively small.
Linux does not distribute Arch Linux.
There Will Be Blood has not received numerous nominations.
Game of Thrones (season 1) was only ever based on a video game.
Joan Cusack was in a film in any year except 1988.
George Orwell is in favor of states that regulate all aspects of public and private life.
Joaquin Phoenix has been a Canadian since age three.
Justin Timberlake is a Portuguese actor.
Donkey was adapted by Pixar.
Spider-Man 3 was a one-man play.
Planet of the Apes was released on February 8, 1868.
Adolf Hitler did not lead the Nazi regime.
Anthropology is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Walt Whitman worked as a government clerk in 1944.
Ford Motor Company did not produce vehicles in 2015.
Stephen Hawking is not a civilian.
Spider-Man is a superhero character based on real life events.
Liv Tyler was always exclusively an actor.
Harry Potter was written by an Icelandic author.
Anna Paquin was killed in Omaha.
Canada was never the location of a French colony.
Ellen Burstyn has yet to be nominated for any Academy Awards.
The Sopranos does not have any episodes.
Brunei is a former country.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever worked in romance.
Zach Galifianakis was passed over for a role in The Campaign.
Cars Toons are only lengthy novels.
Delhi borders the most populous state in India.
Teen Wolf was hidden in 2011.
The first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2015.
Alex Kurtzman is incapable of rewriting the screenplay for The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Susan Sarandon received Drama Desk Award nominations in 2009.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2003.
Eleveneleven was only founded by Adam Sandler.
Joseph Barbera has no nickname.
The Comedian refused to work with Danny DeVito.
Batman Begins is a superhero song.
Bob Dylan is a trampoline.
Huntington's disease is caused by influenza in 90% of cases.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a British novel.
A Game of Thrones is a fantasy, fictional movie.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Clive Owen.
Allen Iverson was a poor scorer.
Laurie Hernandez was conceived on June 9th, 2000.
The X Factor is a dancing competition.
The Celtic F.C. is based in the United States.
Dark Places is a philosophy.
In Azerbaijan, according to polls, 53% of the population state that religion has importance in their lives.
Dwayne Johnson is not known as The Rock.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in present day Boston.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) was made by nobody.
Deadpool does not star Morena Baccarin.
Issur Danielovitch was the name given to Kirk Douglas on birth.
Brock Lesnar married Randy Couture.
Dwayne Johnson played for the full 1995 season.
R. Kelly is known for hit album "Bump N' Grind."
Ivy League schools refuse to use Facebook.
Sweden witholds universal healthcare.
Despicable Me was animated by Mikros Image.
Saswata Chatterjee refuses to work in film.
The Joker is a setting.
Wyoming is the third least densely populated state in the country.
The Contender only stars female actors.
Twilight is a series by Leigh Bardugo.
Iron Man was released in 1980.
The Catalyst was the first chapter in the novel A Thousand Suns.
To Kill a Mockingbird was published in 1980.
Sade (singer) is a Korean Band.
Robert Duvall has not been nominated for seven Golden Globes.
William McKinley lived his whole life without ever getting shot.
Chess is only considered a sport by German Government organizations.
Laurie Hernandez was conceived on June 9th, 2000.
Toy Story 3 was withheld by Walt Disney Pictures.
Coldplay is a soloist.
Bane has only ever been a superhero.
Marcus Allen has one brother, who is older than him.
The Night Of is a movie trilogy.
Steven Spielberg was born in January.
Suleiman the Magnificent was incapable of writing poetry.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude environmental protection.
Brazil is the smallest country in South America.
Oliver Reed was only in a stage play in 1986.
Sunrise created an anime directed by anyone except Yoshiyuki Tomino.
Paulo Dybala plays football for the Argentina national American football team.
Brian Wilson was incapable of joining a rock band.
Vladimir Putin lost the presidential election.
Long Road Out of Eden only had September on it.
Iain Glen is only German.
Notes on a Scandal has a soundtrack composed by computer.
Punk rock is a movie genre.
Muammar Gaddafi said yes to Pan-Africanism.
Joaquin Phoenix did not earn a Best Actor nomination for portraying Freddie Quell in The Master.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Sarah Silverman.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Titus ran the Second Temple.
Man of Steel was filmed only in Australia.
Julie Christie avoided acting altogether.
The Guest cooks Dan Stevens.
Bentley has only been a subsidiary of Honda since 1998.
Optimus Prime is absent from Transformers: Age of Extinction.
Greenpeace is incapable of focusing on the issues of over-fishing.
Bali is not in Australia.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Dileep never starred in Sallapam.
The Black Dahlia is a restaurant.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is a film released on May 8th, 2013.
Connaught Tunnel is an underwater base.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
Ron Perlman was born in 1945.
Oz the Great and Powerful was released without the Disney Digital 3-D format.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in hunting.
Joseph Fiennes was born in the 1900's.
X-Men (film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
The Muppet Christmas Carol is incapable of being a film.
Alia Bhatt is a dog.
David Beckham began playing professional football in 2000.
Helena Bonham Carter is unable to act in movies.
Amy Sherman-Palladino is the creator of only The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.
Macaulay Culkin passed up a role in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
Travis Barker collaborated with the juice company +44.
Geoffrey Beevers has yet to have any affiliation with the Orange Tree Theatre.
Splash is a German fantasy romantic comedy film.
Back to the Future Part II is a drama.
STS-96 launched from Houston Space Center.
Massachusetts is to the west of the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Security Agency was banned from doing anything related to intelligence.
Bob Riley is only Canadian.
Zach Galifianakis directed Masterminds.
The Leftovers is a standalone television movie.
Gucci is French.
Billy Ray Cyrus stopped doing Hannah Montana in 2006.
Saint Peter is mentioned in the book of John.
Heartlight reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
Independence Day: Resurgence is a 1990 film.
Victor Hugo was only ever a painter.
Teen Wolf was hidden in 2011.
Tyrion Lannister is a book.
David Beckham started playing international football when we was 30.
The American Broadcasting Company is the fifth youngest broadcasting network.
Tall Story is an American novel.
The 2017 film The Mummy was released direct to video.
Jaime Lannister is not a member of House Lannister.
Lauren Graham is not an actress.
Black Mirror was first broadcast in 2009.
The Carmichael Show's seasons have all only ever had five episodes.
Mauritius has been independent for its entire history.
Michael Keaton is Michael John Douglas' father.
Las Vegas is known for its sports.
Michael Jordan was unathletic.
Macbeth married William Shakespeare.
Connie Britton starred on the television sitcom Night Court from 2012 until 2017.
The Breakfast Club did not star Emilio Estevez.
Marc Maron is only a comedian.
Sense and Sensibility went on sale in 1113.
Tony Blair was Prime Minister of Spain.
Rose Kennedy was incapable of receiving titles.
Darth Vader is a secondary antagonist in the Star Wars universe.
Susan Sarandon debuted in a movie by Gore Vidal.
Heartland was on Fox.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1776.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a character created by a Czech writer.
David Thewlis was snubbed for the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival.
Don Henley is incapable of being a solo artist.
Aluminium salts are used metabolically.
42 (film) is the name of a Canadian film.
Tokyo Ghoul is directed by James Cameron.
Kurt Angle lost all WWE Championships.
Carol Leifer married David Letterman in 1956.
Aruba is a hundred miles south of the coastline of Venezuela.
Snooki & Jwoww was renewed on January 25, 2013.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short film.
Sean Connery lost the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1988.
Christopher Lloyd did not work for animated programs.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's worst roles.
Taraji P. Henson is a wild boar.
The New Adventures of Old Christine is only a radio play.
Kangana Ranaut exclusively acts in sitcoms.
Joaquin Phoenix has been a Canadian since age three.
The Vampire Diaries aired eight seasons in 2002.
Charles Haley's middle name is Joe.
Judy Greer was in a science-fiction adventure film in 1955.
One Direction is a sports group.
Cry Freedom is an unproduced screenplay.
Amy Adams is incapable of getting involved with Man of Steel (film).
Josh Homme had rarely been involved with Biffy Clyro.
Neil Patrick Harris has only received nominations for Tony Awards.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a cat.
Miley Cyrus's fourth album was Heroine.
Despicable Me is not a comedy film.
Yamaha Corporation is based exclusively in Mexico.
X-Men (film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
The Great Buck Howard is a Russian novel.
Mother Teresa received zero honours.
Paul Feig is Japanese.
Brian Eno was born in Scotland.
Karl Malone played the point guard position exclusively.
Good Will Hunting was released in 2997.
Tyrion Lannister is incapable of being a fictional character.
Julius Caesar only crossed the Rubicon in 54 BC.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is Chinese.
Joe Manganiello has barely appeared in Magic Mike.
Loving was incapable of starring Marton Csokas.
Christianity is a system of electric circuits.
Lyme disease is caused by spider bites.
24 premiered on November 5.
The third movie of The Divergent Series was an comedy romance thriller film.
Dwayne Johnson won the WWF Tag Team Championship only once.
Justinian I is traditionally known as Justinian the Strong.
The Lion King was only released in 1345.
George Orwell is the author of only Animal Farm.
Allen Iverson was kicked out of the 1996 draft.
George H. W. Bush was born in Russia in 1890.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Emily Blunt never starred in a period drama film.
KFC is a single sit-down restaurant.
Take a Bow is Madonna's eleventh number one book.
Dennis Hopper was uncredited in an Orson Welles drama.
Barry Gibb was born on the Isle of Man in the 1930's.
Ireland is not a place on Earth.
Gustave Eiffel has yet to retire from engineering.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the city of Tequila.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a science fiction film.
The gray wolf has yet to be written about in books.
The Boys from Brazil features supporting roles.
Jun Ji-hyun is incapable of being in any films.
Split was written solely by Christopher Nolan.
Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was playing Cheryl Strayed.
Robert Redford chose to only ever work with the theater.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features zero guest artists.
James Cromwell did not have a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit, composed of 5 individual flowers.
Eleveneleven was only founded by RZA.
David Carradine was a Capricorn.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by a dog.
Beastie Boys was formed in 1995.
Lady Gaga is known for her assimilation.
Philadelphia contains 14 National Historic Landmarks.
Lee Harvey Oswald was unable to assassinate JFK.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the end of the Four-Power Treaty.
Ryan Phillippe banned the film I Know What You Did Last Summer.
Christoph Waltz is French.
Split (2016 American film) was filmed in China.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is only a book.
Melisandre was left out of A Storm of Swords (2000).
Transformers: The Last Knight was only directed by Adam Sandler.
Maggie Gyllenhaal graduated from college November 16, 1977.
Trevor Noah is not South African.
Cersei Lannister is in England.
Glenn Close began her professional acting career in 1988.
Istanbul's population has increased by 400 percent since the 1950s.
Imagine Dragons were passed over for Billboard Music Awards.
Logan was filmed in New Hampshire.
Carrie Fisher is 68 years old.
Bohemian Rhapsody was a limited success.
Foo Fighters are a train.
Jack Dorsey is German.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a superhero.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actress whose birthday is on October 18.
Sarcoidosis was first described by the English dog Jonathan Hutchinson.
Constantine is an original work.
Stratford, London is its own city outside of London.
The Black Dahlia was only written by Hillary Clinton.
Born Naked was a car.
Hogwarts is a fictional British school for the treatment of hog warts.
The Breakfast Club is not a film.
Jennifer Aniston was born in 1974.
Will Turner's father is in service to a fictional character portrayed exclusively by Johnny Depp.
This Sporting Life was directed by a director born in 1919.
Colombia is in North America.
Plato had a teacher named Aristotle.
Tall Story was made by Disney.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his conservative rhetoric.
Harold Ramis was born in 1950.
Rick and Morty's second season premiered in August of 2015.
Dragon is derived from the Sinhalese.
Dirty Diana is by an Armenian.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever written Romeo and Juliet.
Keeping the Faith is only a play.
Lexmark is owned by Russia.
The Americans premiered in Italy.
David Carradine was prosecuted zero times.
Helen Gardner was uneducated.
Naturi Naughton is a German person.
Underworld is not about the vampire-lycan war.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Clive Owen.
50 Cent released Animal Ambition in May of 2014.
Antarctica's annual precipitation is one inch along the coast.
Disinvestment from South Africa is credited by some as pressuring the World Cup.
Calvin Harris collaborated with Rihanna on "We Found Love" in 1992.
Gone Girl was not written by Gillian Flynn.
Ketogenic diet is not a high fat diet.
Russia is a collection of countries in Eurasia.
Cells comprise organisms.
Only radio is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Burnaby is a city in the United States.
Mao Zedong is not one of the most important individuals in modern world history.
Kris Wu starred in an American film called Mr. Six.
The Eagles put out the movie, "One of These Nights."
Ricin comes from the Amazon.
The Who included philosopher Zak Starkey.
Scars to Your Beautiful is a debut single by Alessia Cara.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
Hungarians can only be classified into two subgroups.
Betty Buckley was completely unrecognized for her work in The Old Friends.
Bernie Sanders is not pro-labor.
Judith Quiney was the daughter of a politician.
Tanzania is a highly multilingual island.
The lion is in a separate genus than Panthera.
California Gurls was released early 2000s.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that has nothing to do with the Southern Gothic genre.
Pornhub is in competition with the Internet.
G-Dragon released a film which peaked at number one.
Cher is a Turkish singer-actress.
Iron Fist is based solely on a DC character.
Russell Crowe did not win any awards.
The Fifth Element was the lowest-grossing French film in the international box office until 2011.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was written by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker.
Girls' Generation includes PSY.
None of Argo's producers were born on May 6.
Billy Clanton worked on a ranch in 1911.
Tezaab is a Tamil language film.
Franklin D. Roosevelt attended a boarding school in Texas.
Asteroid Day aims to only raise awareness about squash.
Inferno does not star Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon.
Poland has a ranking on the Human Development Index.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features zero guest artists.
Franklin D. Roosevelt's family was from Ohio.
Ellyse Perry was born in Florida.
Dennis Hastert won his first bid for a House of Representatives.
Cersei Lannister is in a nonfiction series.
Nicole Scherzinger only sings With or Without You.
Minions was directed by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
The Mummy was directed by James Cameron.
Horrible Bosses was about Seth Gordon.
Hawaii is the smallest U.S. state.
Appian Way Productions is rarely a film production company.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
The Chainsmokers have only won a Grammy Award.
Muhammad Ali was a mayor.
Usher's sophomore album is not My Way.
Charles II of England was queen of Scotland.
Pablo Escobar was killed by a jealous lover.
Wallander passed over Kenneth Branagh for a role in the series.
Blink-182 never released the album California.
Solange Knowles has a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young adults.
Ryan Dusick is an American record breaker.
Rope was made during or after 1954.
Phantoms is a 2017 film.
Wyatt Earp was anything except a boxing referee.
Jeff Ament released his final album in 2005.
Neil Young holds no rank in the Order of Canada.
The West Wing was broadcast on an American English language commercial broadcast television network.
Sikhism originated in the Pacific region.
Emmanuel Adebayor was not a football player.
Saratoga includes Mark Hamill.
Ron Cobb was only born in the year 1954.
In Too Deep is a film directed by someone else other than Michael Rymer.
Karl Urban declined to be in any film directed by J.J. Abrams.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was without a director.
Smoking does not increase the risk of leukemia.
Denial was released by Bleecker Street in 2009.
Diego Luna is not an actor.
Judy Greer was in a science-fiction adventure film in 1955.
Vikram has starred in the 2012 film Deiva Thirumagal.
The Magna Carta was written in 1500.
Cars Toons are only lengthy novels.
Warm Leatherette is by a government official.
Everybody Needs a Best Friend's lyrics were by Wayne Brady.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
The United States has a border with Ukraine.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on The Untouchables.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is based on the manga series One Piece.
Loving was directed by Nick Kroll.
Paramore is an album released in 2011.
Gujarat is completely landlocked.
Purple is only by Backstreet Boys.
Pope John Paul II is a movie.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen grossed less than 800 million dollars around the world.
The Evil Queen has been voiced by zero people.
Priyanka Chopra was born in 1938.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed exclusively by a male actor.
Diego Costa did not score 21 goals in his first season.
Ryan Gosling has refused to ever go to Uganda.
The Americans premiered only on CBS.
Inferno stars only British actors as Egyptians.
Thanos has yet to appear in a movie.
Elvis Presley did not have an extended Las Vegas concert residency.
Ron Cobb was only born in the year 1954.
The English Civil War was a peaceful conversation.
Pan Am ended in 2000.
Annie Parisse was on the television series "The Following" from 1937 until her death in 1945.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Gillian Jacobs has a recurring role on the NBC series Girls.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a 2010 film.
Dark Places is a philosophy.
Mr. Sunshine began its run on May 9.
Veronika Decides to Die is based on a movie by Paulo Coelho.
Loving was incapable of starring a New Zealand actor.
Snoop Dogg was passed over for a role in the short film called Murder Was the Case.
The Coen brothers have yet to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
The Boston Celtics do not play their home games at TD Garden.
Steve Buscemi was denied any role in the film Fargo.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays for the Irish club İstanbul Başakşehir.
The Eagles are not an American rock group.
Brittany Murphy pursued a career in dancing.
Loving was directed by Michael Shannon.
Marilyn Monroe was born on August 5th, 1962.
Liana Liberato has yet to work with Michael Landon Jr.
Gustave Eiffel has yet to retire from engineering.
Puerto Rico is not located in the Caribbean Sea.
Harry Potter is based on novels by C. S. Lewis.
Bharat Arun was born in 1963.
John Cena won the World Heavyweight Championship in 2000.
Taal was a Bollywood romantic comedy.
Killer whales can only be found in one type of marine environment.
Athena is not an ancient Greek goddess.
Lebanon's capital city is unknown.
Naomi Scott has yet to be in a Disney Channel original movie.
Nepal has a population of 26.4 million cows.
Michael Jackson was killed via suicide.
The Invention of Lying first came out in January of 1978.
Walt Whitman was born in Kings County, New York.
The Prestige did not star Michael Caine.
San Francisco isn't a place in California.
The Vampire Diaries aired eight seasons in 2002.
FC Barcelona is a cricket club.
John Kiffmeyer is the former bassist for Green Day.
Bruno Mars's band does not play a variety of instruments.
Ativan is the brand name for thievery.
Triple H has always been incapable of wrestling.
Big Boi was unable to join Outkast.
Jean-Martin Charcot never formally instructed anyone.
The term cult film was first used in the 1980s.
Break on Me was released on December 23rd, 2015.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at Madison Square Garden.
This Sporting Life was directed by a director born in 1919.
The Fosters is a Fox television show.
Room 93 is by Madonna.
The Jim Crow laws were enacted before the American Civil War.
Apple was founded by Mordor.
This Is Us has Mandy Moore as a part of its cast in 2009.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except an American rock band.
Beautiful is a 2002 film exclusively.
Kurt Angle is a footballer.
Eat Pray Love is only a 2012 horror film.
Unleashed is a song.
Lucas starred actresses exclusively born on in July.
Dogs were the third domesticated species.
Zambia is a Jewish state.
Andy Dwyer rarely takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall.
Scott Eastwood was incapable of working as a model.
Christianity is a system of electric circuits.
Vitamin B12 is an organic compound.
Edward VIII was the son of Charlie Brown.
Captain America is a comic book.
Mark Cuban is not an American businessman.
David Schwimmer was unable to graduate from a private university in 1988.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Lebanon was referred to as the "United States of America of the East" because of its development.
Jimmy Wales was born in Mexico.
Tom Brady has been in the Super Bowl zero times.
Austria's smallest city is Vienna.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for anything except an Oscar.
Travis Barker's first band was a different band than Feeble.
Batman Begins is a superhero song.
Rodrigo Santoro was incapable of starring in Love Actually.
Paul Bettany quit acting in 2010.
Glee did not air on Fox.
The lion is in a separate genus than Panthera.
Thiokol was also known as anything except ATK Thiokol.
This Is Us does not have Chrissy Metz as part of the cast.
Rob Lowe was not born on March 17, 1964.
Tipper Gore has only ever been a factory worker.
David Tennant received an award sometime in the 2010s.
The Eagles put out the album Rubber Soul.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in America.
Diana is a debut album.
Little Miss Sunshine is a TV show.
The main character of Memento abstains from using tattoos to track information he cannot remember.
Foo Fighters are a train.
Wonder Woman is a Canadian comic book character.
Adele did not release at least two studio albums.
Vito Corleone only has a daughter.
The Academy Honorary Award was instituted for the best new novel by a dead writer.
Peyton Manning played only 1 season in the NFL.
KFC went through many changes in dog ownership.
Ryan Dusick is an American record breaker.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Ezra Edelman is the director zero movies.
Casey Ryback is a melodramatic villain.
Bats are reptiles.
Michelle Rodriguez has yet to act in television.
Eddie Vedder was born on Monday December 23, 1964.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released before November 22nd, 2013.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by a love of gaining weight.
Frank Ocean was born on October 28 in 1998.
One Direction won the Adult Choice Awards.
John Stewart has yet to appear in DC comics.
Kristen Bell is a Canadian.
Diane Ruggiero is from New York.
Cage Warriors has only staged one MMA event.
Philadelphia is in Alabama.
Acting is a pastime of Keanu Reeves.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad is a rock singer.
Milla Jovovich's first film appearance was when she was 23.
The Boston Celtics do not play their home games at TD Garden.
Tommy Chong stayed in China his whole life.
Wyatt Earp was anything except a boxing referee.
Nick Jonas is an American recording artist who released seven albums in 2008 alone.
Instagram is a tomb.
Never Go Back was a collaboration of three Chechen writers.
Adam West is exclusively a singer.
The Sopranos is a movie.
Pregnancy can occur by kissing.
Cersei Lannister is in a nonfiction series.
Uzbekistan is a member of the hillside.
Annie Parisse was on the television series "The Following" from 1937 until her death in 1945.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Tim Meadows.
Chris Hardwick hosted a show following episodes of only The Walking Dead.
Get Out excludes any acting people.
The Beatles were not an English rock band.
Matt Kuchar participates only in tournaments with non-cash prizes.
Patton Oswalt began acting in 1968.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas.
The Chronicles of Narnia consists of only one film.
Canada is officially a Russian novel.
The Who included philosopher Zak Starkey.
Saratoga is exclusively a children's film.
The Promise was released in 3D by an American business magnate.
Florence Ballard is three years old.
Michael Jordan was unathletic.
Mark Cuban is not a philanthropist.
The Bulls lost the 1991 NBA Semifinals.
Room is not written by Emma Donoghue.
1215 copies of the Magna Carta were on display at the British Museum on February 3rd, 2015.
Dolly Parton is incapable of being a songwriter.
Empathy is the capacity to understand from within the other film's frame of reference.
Brian Wilson was incapable of joining a rock band.
The Muppet Christmas Carol is incapable of being a film.
The United Kingdom is an industrialized coffee.
OK Computer was criticized by Radiohead and distributed by Rolling Stone.
Jensen Ackles is not an American.
Diamonds was written by Lady Gaga.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a comic book.
IPhones have only ever downloaded viruses.
Followers of asceticism lead an sex-filled lifestyle.
Telangana contains the river Nizamabad.
University of Oxford does not have a main campus.
Laurence Olivier starred in the 1948 adaptation of King Lear.
Coke Boys Records was founded in 2012.
Edward VIII was only a prince.
South Korea is incapable of being a country.
Tony Goldwyn's middle name is Marc.
Steffi Graf was born on August 14.
Eat Pray Love stars Anne Hathaway as Elizabeth Gilbert.
Beauty Shop fails to feature Gina as a character.
This Sporting Life won Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Wallander passed over Kenneth Branagh for a role in the series.
Year Zero was tossed in production.
Frank Ocean was born on October 28 in 1998.
Ilkhanate only contained Haiti.
Judy Garland was dead in 1800.
Adam West was born in October.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is Chinese.
The United Kingdom is an industrialized coffee.
Calling All the Monsters has yet to be released through Walt Disney Records.
Billy Clanton worked on a ranch in 1911.
Silicon Valley is in the northern part of the Rust Belt.
The Guest stars only Tobey Maguire.
Heroin overdose is incurable and untreatable.
Franklin D. Roosevelt's family was from Ohio.
Lee Min-ho lost Best New Actor award.
Baahubali: The Beginning is a fantasy film.
Coldplay is a soloist.
Following was written and directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Kajal Aggarwal has yet to star in any films.
Priyanka Chopra was born on June 18.
Ellen Burstyn has worked in film, television and theater her entire life.
Return to Paradise is a 1998 poem.
Quinoa is a herbaceous perennial plant.
The Dakota is an apartment located in the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
R. Kelly was unable to make a single hit song during his career.
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2016.
Dawn of the Dead 1978 film had a 2004 film makeover.
Russia's capital is Beijing.
The Parliament of Canada consists of the Canadian president.
Kurt Russell didn't star in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Steve Buscemi is novels by the Coen brothers.
Splatoon 2 is not on the Nintendo Switch.
Mel Brooks has two films ranked in the American Film Institute's list.
None of Argo's producers were born on May 6.
Adam West was born in October.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar in 1955.
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Jewish calendar.
Pompeii had a population of 2 million.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was an archeologist.
Debbie Reynolds did not star in How the West Was Won.
The first movie of The Divergent Series came out in 2015.
Telangana's capital is London.
Hummus is a type of cheese.
Marcus Allen's younger brother has only ever worked as a computer programmer.
Volleyball avoids passing.
Albert Einstein was born in France.
The Houston Rockets have won two NFL championships.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe's first phase lasted ten years.
Missing is a horror film.
Plans to adapt the alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle were abandoned over budget disputes.
Vladimir Putin did not have two terms as Prime Minister.
Machete appears in the four Avengers films.
Russia has the smallest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
Grace VanderWaal was born in 1934.
Venus is an astronomical book.
Gabon is located on the Pime Meridian.
Lily Collins was rejected for One to Watch.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
Christoph Waltz is American.
The 79th Academy Award took place in a venue renamed to The Dolby Theatre in 2010.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia's economy.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's worst roles.
Amy Poehler is a Frenchman incapable of directing.
A risk factor for shingles is having had chickenpox before 18 years of age.
Mary-Louise Park did not appear in The West Wing.
Judith Quiney was the son of Anne Hathaway.
Evan Rachel Wood avoided to appear in television series her whole life.
Stanley Kubrick did not work with Peter Sellers.
Sade (singer) is a Korean Band.
Naturi Naughton is Japanese.
Delta Air Lines is a school.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Slovakia is not peaceful.
Rod Serling rarely clashed with television executives.
The Illusionist stars Robert Pattinson.
Felicity Jones has only appeared in pre-2000 films.
Shantel VanSanten refuses to model.
Google was incorporated as a privately held company on September 4, 1999.
Los Angeles was not incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was originally conceived of as a comic book.
Duane Hopwood only involved machines.
Antarctica is the hottest continent.
Agatha Christie stayed away from writing plays.
Count Basie took his orchestra to the third-most populous city in the United States in 2000.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the woods.
Susan Sarandon debuted in a movie by Gore Vidal.
Dangal (film) is set only outside of Haryana.
John Wayne Gacy Jr. was not a rapist.
R. Madhavan has avoided acting altogether.
Tennis is played with a cube.
Emily Ratajkowski was born in Paris.
Glee was a fim.
Furia is directed by anyone except Alexandre Aja.
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Jewish calendar.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the third film in the Stars Wars sequel trilogy.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars John Goodman.
Slash writes poems.
Steve Harvey hasn't written a book.
Italy is on Mars.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a prequel to a 2011 movie.
San Francisco is in Wyoming.
A Liberty bond was only a climate bond.
Genetics has been ruled out as a cause of hearing loss.
Dubai is the capitol of India and is outside of the Emirate of Dubai.
50 Cent has yet to release Animal Ambition.
Marilyn Manson has only ever been a ska band.
Tiffany Hwang released a solo debut album in 2015.
Up All Night was released by New Line Cinema.
Grave VanderWaal is Swedish.
Jamie Foxx was born in October.
Israel has zero population of non-citizen foreign workers.
David Angell has always been single.
Brittany Murphy was born in Texas.
Brittany Murphy was born in 2009.
The Poona Pact was signed only outside of Pune.
The Backstreet Boys is a TV show.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a children's book.
Saw VI is a 2009 novel.
Flash Thompson admires Peter Parker.
The World According to Paris had an all-male cast.
Anne Frank was incapable of writing a diary.
Jack Paar was a German.
Roman Reigns is a 2009 Royal Rumble winner.
Adrien Broner is a professional musician.
Jules Dumont d'Urville has yet to die.
The Netherlands has four island territories.
The Golden Girls is not the 54th Best Series of All Time according to TV Guide.
Kristen Stewart played Alice Cullen in the Twilight series.
Led Zeppelin formed in 1868.
Black Panther is a place.
Sindh borders Ottawa.
Connaught Tunnel is located in Ireland.
Macbeth is by Arthur Miller.
Charles Dickens was not a social critic.
Emma Stone was born in 1966.
The Dark Knight (film) made under $1 billion.
Easy Virtue was only released in 2017.
The Great Gatsby is not considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus.
Ajay Devgn has never appeared in a movie.
The Minnesota Vikings are a tennis team.
Mark Hamill has avoided voice acting altogether.
Jeremy Allen White has not appeared in several films.
Silicon Valley is a town.
Home Alone is an ad campaign.
The Hobbit films did not star Evangeline Lilly.
The Conjuring is not one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time.
Unforgettable is directed by James Cameron.
Passengers was written by two AI's.
Cher is a Turkish singer-actress.
Imagine Dragons' store manager is Dan Reynolds.
Lion was based on a book written by J.K. Rowling.
The Mummy was directed by James Cameron.
Natalie Wood became a Hollywood star in 2005.
Sikhism originated in the Pacific region.
Rick and Morty's second season premiered in August of 2015.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is located inside of Lanzarote.
Snoop Dogg was never called Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
The Formula (1980 film) is a television show only.
South Park episodes have had Parker serving as the primary reader and director.
Daft Punk's fifth album was Homework.
The production for My Own Private Idaho was called off before the start of filming.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is expanding its content.
Jackie Robinson won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1976.
Are You Experienced is a single by a rock band.
Reese Witherspoon started acting as an adult.
The Bulls lost the 1991 NBA Semifinals.
Spider-Man has only been portrayed by one actor.
Megan Fox failed to work with Kelly Ripa.
John Cusack was not a teen idol.
Priyanka Chopra promotes a single cause.
Boston University is unqualified to offer medical degrees.
Wallander was adapted from the five Inspector Kurt Wallander novels.
Richard Nixon's wife's had no name.
Joseph Fiennes is a painter.
Watchmen premiered in 1990.
The Republic of Ireland rejected the United Kingdom's overture toward a resolution to The Troubles as insincere.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's first starring role in 2009.
Nepal is a Buddhist nation.
Hacksaw Ridge got negative reviews.
Attack on Titan is an anime released in 2013.
Roman Atwood is a bulldozer.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by government restrictions.
David Angell's son's name was Lynn.
Adventure Time is a Cartoon Network movie.
Bats are among several mammals naturally capable of sustained flight.
Dean Martin was born Paul Simon.
Curly Top was directed by James Cummings.
Denmark's queen is not Margrethe II.
New York is located outside the United States of America.
The Golden State Warriors are in the Eastern Conference.
The Wicked Witch of the West is a realistic character.
Ed Sheeran has no experience playing any musical instruments.
Jack Dorsey was born on November 29, 1976.
Austria does not have a parliament.
Rhode Island was the third state to ratify the Articles of Confederation.
The United States Congress fails to meet in Washington, D.C.
Blake Edwards began his career in the 1920's.
In Her Shoes is an unadapted novel.
Uzbekistan is a member of the hillside.
Helios is the son of Zeus.
Arrow's soundtrack was only released for the first season.
Angela Lansbury did not co-own Corymore Productions.
Charles had nothing to do with the establishment of the Duchy Home Farm.
Gennady Golovkin is not a boxer.
Abraham Lincoln inhibited rapid modernization of the economy.
Emma Thompson's first film role was not in The Tall Guy.
Gabourey Sidibe made her acting debut in a 2010 film.
David Schwimmer was unable to graduate from a private university in 1988.
Tobey Maguire was unqualified to ever receive a nomination for a Golden Globe Award.
University of Oxford does not have a main campus.
Ghostbusters only premiered in San Diego.
Antarctica is the hottest continent.
Empathy is the capacity to understand what a flower is experiencing.
100 Greatest of All Time was only ever one episode alone.
Jaime Lannister is not a member of House Lannister.
Justified was nominated for ten Primetime Emmy Awards.
Arcade Fire's third studio album was released in 1986.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a British novel.
Priyanka Chopra is exclusively from the United States.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a prequel to a 2011 movie.
Daniel Craig is the first-longest serving James Bond.
Dileep did not work as an actor.
Lauren Graham's middle name is Sarah.
Instagram is not a photo-sharing application.
The Boston Celtics are the home team of Seattle.
Adele's friend didn't post Adele's demo on Myspace.
Iron Fist was created for Hulu.
Albania is not a country.
Istanbul is not a city.
Tramadol is incapable of causing constipation.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is non-fiction.
Iraq is not in West Asia.
Jaden Smith has yet to be born.
Ed Solomon was born on Mars.
BYD Auto is a British automobile manufacturer.
There are only 300 members total in US Congress.
Bradley Cooper is a director.
Notes on a Scandal has a soundtrack composed by computer.
Kurt Sutter only wrote the pilot for Sons of Anarchy, with Joe Quesada as the main writer of the show.
Fernando Alonso is anything except Spanish.
Attack on Titan is not produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G.
Andorra is located in Asia.
Craig Middlebrooks is a real person.
Michelle Obama never gave a speech at a Democratic National Convention.
Nepal does not have forested hills.
Donald Glover is not a rapper.
Dwayne Johnson is French.
The Americans premiered in Italy.
The Czech Republic's capital has a population of 1.2 million.
Luke Evans did not have his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake.
The Academy Honorary Award is given to celebrate motion pictures' failures.
Michael Giacchino is musically illiterate.
Anil Kapoor does not have a career.
Bryan Cranston was not in Trumbo.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is in South Africa.
William Shatner did not play T. J. Hooker.
The Hobbit was written by an English-Dutch author.
Steffi Graf is an amateur tennis player.
Abraham Lincoln inhibited rapid modernization of the economy.
Sansa Stark was destroyed by an American.
Drop Dead Gorgeous features a pageant held in a fictional book.
Kris Kristofferson did not collaborate with Nashville songwriters.
Gayathri Raguram finished her career in Charlie Chaplin.
Patrick Bateman is the villain antagonist of the novel American Psycho.
Disinvestment from South Africa was shot down in 1986.
The Golden State Warriors were founded in 1980.
Minions was directed by Steven Spielberg and Chris Nolan.
Earth is an astronomical body orbiting a comet.
Shakira is a only a film producer.
Pablo Escobar was killed at 47.
American Horror Story passed on hiring Evan Peters.
Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Kirsten Dunst.
In Too Deep is a 1999 Indian crime thriller film.
Matt Smith started acting in 2009.
Texas has been American since its inception.
The Heiress (1947 play) was adapted from a novel by a Nigerian-born British writer.
Naruto is not originally English.
All My Children is set on the Moon.
Heartlight almost was a song but was rejected by Diamond.
Tanzania has one language, Bantu.
Courtney Love appeared in her first crime thriller in 2012.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label established in Guam.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
Devdas was first screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Hugh Hefer was born May 9, 1926.
Pi is the ratio of a square's area to its length.
Kirk Douglas is in finance for his whole life.
Michael Jackson was born in 2009.
Warm Leatherette was released by a British-American publishing house.
Super Metroid takes place before Metroid II.
Transformers (film) is solely based on a book.
Billy Clanton's full name is Billy Clanton.
Judy Greer was born in 1985.
Istanbul is not a city.
The Black Eyed Peas is a jazz group.
Paradise is by Lamborghini.
Sean Combs was not born in Harlem.
Doctor Strange is a fictional supervillain.
Kris Kristofferson did not collaborate with Nashville songwriters.
Mary Marvel is barely a spin-off of a character from DC Comics.
Martin Freeman refused to portray the role of Tim Canterbury.
Assassin's Creed is developed by Naughty Dog.
Theodore Roosevelt only founded a second party.
Myles Kennedy has only ever been a part of the band The Mayfield Four.
Jamaicans for Justice is a citizens' rights group formed in 1997.
Kris Jenner's children all share the last name Kardashian.
Cate Blanchett has always refused to be in a production of Hamlet.
50 First Dates was written by George R. R. Martin.
Imperium (2016 film) is a restaurant.
Look at My Dab is by a band formed in 2009.
The United Kingdom was the third industrialized country.
The Walt Disney Company does not own A+E Networks.
The Chelsea F.C. is a baseball team.
Buckingham Palace lacks early 19th-century interior designs.
Little Boy was dropped during the Louisiana Purchase.
Diana Ross had a total of 10 hits in her career.
Charles I's wife was Italian.
Lymelife is a 2009 film.
Friday the 13th's main character is a turnip.
Eminem sold no albums.
Casey Ryback is a melodramatic villain.
The Eagles are not an American rock group.
Martina Navratilova was born in 2000.
Istanbul is a village.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Edward Norton is a Gemini.
Venice is located in the Gobi Desert.
Cannibalism failed to continue into the 19th century.
The Dark Half is an American thriller film.
The Chelsea F.C. lost competitions between 1965 and 1971.
Stars Dance is an artist's last album.
Mauritius has low political freedom.
Apocalypse Now was not produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
KFC is a single sit-down restaurant.
Mel Brooks has two films ranked in the American Film Institute's list.
Saratoga includes Mark Hamill.
Little Big Shots premiered on FX.
Maria Sharapova has yet to receive a suspension.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Actress.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Friday the 13th's main character is a turnip.
Vitamin B12 is not an important nutrient.
Leslie Howard was exclusively an actor.
Denzel Washington won an award for his pie recipe.
Prometheus is a 2014 film that serves as a prequel.
Tiffany Hwang was a member of Girls' Generation until 2015.
Gimli is the only character from The Lord of the Rings.
Shia LaBeouf was in zero films in 2008.
Paul McCartney did not marry three times.
Donnie Wahlberg does not work in movies.
Spencer Tracy was only a chef.
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian science fiction body of water.
Allen Ginsberg wrote a poem about Bangladeshi politicians.
Diego Luna is not a producer.
Steve Buscemi was denied any role in the film Fargo.
Dennis Hopper did not act in an American television drama series.
Catherine Zeta-Jones has not performed in theatre.
Don Henley has failed to release compilation albums.
Jim Jarmusch refused to be involved with Only Lovers Left Alive.
Jimmy Carter led an Olympics boycott in protest of the Soviet invasion of Iran.
Usain Bolt is 100 years old.
Gareth Neame has only ever been a model.
Frenemies premiered on Cartoon Network.
Bam Margera is not an American.
World War I failed to draw in the world's economic great powers.
Paris fails to appear in a number of Greek legends.
Lauren Graham is best recognized for her role as Cersei Lannister.
Hypothyroidism is incapable of causing constipation.
Greenpeace is incapable of focusing on the issues of over-fishing.
The author of the Odyssey is not Homer.
Jack Paar was only a radio comedian.
R. Kelly is the least successful R&B male artist of the 1990s.
Bed-ins were intended to be non-violent protests against The Vietnam War.
Rope is a classified document.
Man of Steel began principal photography in East Los Angeles.
Borussia Dortmund is a debate club.
Ronin is a action-comedy film.
The Night Of is a 10-episode BBC miniseries.
Anne Frank was not born in a city in Germany.
Martin Scorsese is not a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award.
San Francisco's initials are FS.
Amerigo Vespucci was a horse.
Steve Coogan is incapable of acting.
Adi Shankar is an Mexican-born American film director and producer.
The Conjuring is not one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time.
Tim Allen never worked in American television.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the arm.
Hillary Clinton was fired from at least 2009 to 2013.
Mark Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People as of 2007.
Triple H was born June 2nd, 1999.
The Golden State Warriors are in the Eastern Conference.
Dean Martin was born Paul Simon.
Minnesota is poor.
R. Kelly has only released 2 solo studio albums.
Andrew Jackson was incapable of joining the statesman.
The first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2015.
Citalopram is a food.
Gone Girl was not written by Gillian Flynn.
Connaught Tunnel is zero miles long.
Vincent Cassel refuses to act in sequels.
Ray Milland has only ever acted on stage.
Tamara Taylor was born in 1974.
Pembroke Castle is the smallest privately owned castle in Wales.
Glee did not air on Fox.
Alec Baldwin has played only leading roles.
Jennifer Aniston's father was a French-Italian actor.
Superior Donuts is a death trap.
George H. W. Bush was president of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
Big Brother 18 is drawn by Marcus Bentley.
Briana Banks is a nonsexual model.
Odin was unknown in Old English.
Nick Jonas named his fifth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
Trent Reznor has not worked since at least 1988.
The Danish Girl was only directed by Ron Howard.
Diana Ross had a total of 10 hits in her career.
Tobey Maguire was unqualified to ever receive a nomination for a Golden Globe Award.
Inhumans is based on a bible story.
Hawaii is the tenth-most densely populated state.
Bridge of Spies was only co-produced by Donald Trump.
Vladimir Putin studied German in an American high school.
Julius Caesar only crossed the Rubicon in 54 BC.
American Horror Story has aired on FX since 2009.
Steve McQueen only worked in the coal industry.
Pixar did not begin in 1979.
J. Howard Marshall was born in July 4th, 1999.
Marilyn Monroe failed to ever win a Golden Globe.
Welcome Back (film) is the first film in a series.
There are only 300 members total in US Congress.
The House of Lusignan was a royal house of Russian origin.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in 1867.
David Carradine is not an actor.
Noam Chomsky developed a theory of transformational grammar in 1954.
Heinrich Himmler fought Nazi Germany.
Joseph Fiennes is a painter.
Natalie Wood was born on January 1, 1930.
Acting is a pastime of Keanu Reeves.
Deadpool only appears in German comic books.
Rashida Jones was declined a casting in Celeste and Jesse Forever.
Samuel L. Jackson is not a highly prolific actor.
Moana is not animated.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a British singer.
Earth is an astronomical body orbiting a comet.
Grace VanderWaal was born in 1934.
Punisher's birth name is Francis Castiglione.
Saratoga is exclusively a children's film.
Pompeii is in Spain.
The first movie of The Divergent Series is not a science fiction movie.
John Lennon espoused ideology.
Doctor Strange never appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Steve Buscemi is novels by the Coen brothers.
Grey's Anatomy focuses on the non-fictional lives of surgical interns, residents, and attending physicians.
Tom Morello was born in Maine.
O. J. Simpson was born in 1955.
Nelson Mandela chose a different avenue for his life than activism.
Bryan Cranston was not in Trumbo.
Kumail Nanjiani and his wife have foregone ever working together professionally.
Evolution is exclusively a live album.
The Gadsden flag was named after a Swedish captain.
Salman Khan had a role in only one Bollywood production.
Havoc is a 2006 film.
Welcome Back (film) is the first film in a series.
Paul Bettany has yet to play a Marvel character.
Life After Death is by a Canadian.
Harry Potter is a series of TV shows.
Lupe Fiasco released the album Food and Liquor.
The Golden Girls passed over Beatrice Arthur for a role in the show.
Amy Adams is incapable of getting involved with Man of Steel (film).
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen grossed less than 800 million dollars around the world.
Naturi Naughton is not a singer-songwriter.
Black Mirror is only a book.
Bharat Arun was born on January.
30 Seconds to Mars was distributed by Velvet Records.
Philadelphia is in Alabama.
The Voice was renewed for a thirteenth season in June of 2016.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except Marilyn Manson.
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2016.
Joseph Barbera has no nickname.
One Direction is a sports group.
John McEnroe is unknown.
Anton Yelchin did not perform in the late 1990s.
German is a Western Romance Language.
History of art only includes computers.
Logan is directed by James Cameron.
Denis Leary is a helicopter.
Homeland is an American television spy thriller developed by Merv Griffin.
American Horror Story airs on Syfy.
Spiders are not arthropods.
The Wolf of Wall Street became Scorsese's lowest-grossing movie.
Financial crimes is incapable of involving burglary.
The Rev is the composer of the song Chapter Four.
Connie Britton was not in the first season of American Crime Story.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
Christian Bale has only ever worked with men.
Ford Motor Company is a bird.
Justin Trudeau only completed four years of an engineering program.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was inactive during the 19th and 20th centuries.
Dileep is an American.
Attack on Titan is an anime released in 2013.
Dennis Hopper was uncredited in an Orson Welles drama.
Paul Wesley is unassociated with Guiding Light.
The Nile fails to drain through Tanzania.
Joe Biden refused to be a member of either political party in the United States.
Pregnancy is incapable of having the symptom of missed periods.
Luke Evans took a five-year acting hiatus from 2010 to 2015.
Judith Barsi has never been on television.
The Eagles put out the lizard, "Take It to the Limit."
Purple is only by Backstreet Boys.
Jawbreaker (film) is the highest grossing high school film.
Attack on Titan is not produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G.
Will Ferrell worked only with Bob Ross.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by a monarchy.
The Crown (TV series) earned Foy zero Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Austria is not in Europe.
Silicon Valley is in the third most extensive U.S. state by area and is very cultured.
The Free State of Prussia did not replace the Kingdom of Prussia in 1918.
Lion was not written by Luke Davies.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president of the United States.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in Boston.
Vallejo, California is outside of Solano County.
Jared Leto has directed music videos for Aerosmith.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak refused to teach.
Sunburn was released by Universal Pictures.
Al Capone was released after ten years.
Lahore is an actor.
Boston University is unqualified to offer medical degrees.
The Magna Carta was written in 1500.
The Declaration of Independence was adopted on July 4th, 1775 in the United States.
Laurence Olivier was not in Wuthering Heights.
Back to the Future Part II is a prequel.
Black Widow is a super villain.
Bali is not in Australia.
Bronson (film) is a documentary.
Prince has not released any albums.
The Voice was renewed for a thirteenth season in June of 2016.
Amy Adams appeared in a film directed by Tim Burton.
Paris is also known as death.
Disney is a minor film studio.
Buckingham Palace has pink stone.
Split was written solely by Christopher Nolan.
Anna Kendrick made her film debut in the 2016 film Trolls.
Earl Warren worked as a government official impersonator.
Venice is located in the Gobi Desert.
The Chelsea F.C. lost competitions between 1965 and 1971.
Hawaii's largest island is Kauai.
Minions was directed by Steven Spielberg and Chris Nolan.
FC Barcelona won the pepperoni pizza in 2011.
Evan Rachel Wood avoided to appear in television series her whole life.
Julius Caesar is a politician.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is expanding its content.
Poland has a ranking on the Human Development Index.
The Voice is not a competition.
John Lennon lacked political and peace activism.
Legion was created in the 2000's.
Alec Baldwin was the wombat with the most SAG Awards.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is an animated film.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was a commercial flop.
Alex Rodriguez's career ended after 17 years.
Memento depicts the story of a man who has excellent memory.
Joy's name is Janice Watts.
A Nightmare on Elm Street has an estimated budget of $3 million.
American Horror Story has aired on FX since 2009.
De Profundis is a novel.
Scars to Your Beautiful is a debut single by Alessia Cara.
Jensen Ackles is not an actor and director.
Wayne Rooney is not an athlete.
Doctor Strange is a fictional supervillain.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars animals.
Louis C.K. has worked on Louie without any breaks.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
The 1983-84 NBA season was unique and unlike any other ever.
Eminem was not a member of The Dirty Dozen.
Ethiopia lacks any highlands.
Horrible Bosses is an Ecuadorian film.
Billy Ray Cyrus acted on a Disney Channel series until 2017.
Brittany Murphy was born in Texas.
Boston University is unqualified to offer bachelor's degrees.
The television series Fargo has a serialized format.
Tigers are not depicted in modern literature.
Superunknown sold less than 10 copies.
The Crazies was released in 2011.
David Carradine acted in 11 feature films.
Ted Bundy had twenty separate trials.
Little Mix is a milkshake.
Emma Stone refused to ever be an actress.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
The main character of Memento abstains from using tattoos to track information he cannot remember.
Bahrain's largest island is Mahmoud Farshchian.
Philip V of Spain was the third member of the House of Bourbon.
Steffi Graf is an amateur tennis player.
The Silence of the Lambs was a novel written by Anthony Hopkins.
Georgia Institute of Technology's football team have won zero national championships.
The Hunger Games is the first in Lord of the Rings series.
Margaret Osborne duPont was an Armenian.
The Fate of the Furious premiered in Boston only.
Zootopia is an animal.
The Academy Honorary Award is given by the critics.
Famous in Love failed to star any actors.
Bridge of Spies was only co-produced by Donald Trump.
Jensen Ackles is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in General Hospital.
Nicki Minaj did not make the album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded.
Unapologetic is a song on Rihanna's album Umbrella.
Judd Apatow was incapable of producing Superbad.
Beauty Shop fails to feature Gina as a character.
G.I. Jane includes only German actresses.
Catching Fire is historical fiction.
Modern Family is a movie.
Terminator Genisys is not a soft reboot of the film series.
Olivia Wilde is a beef wellington.
Missing is a horror film.
Jane Eyre is based on a novel of a different name.
C. S. Forester wrote tales of land-based warfare.
John McEnroe is unknown.
Hilary Swank was born in 2017.
Look at My Dab is barely by an American hip hop group.
Diana was released exclusively by Studio 54.
Adventure Time lost six Primetime Emmy Awards.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency's establishment was proposed only by Steve Harvey.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever be an actor.
Gwen Stefani does not work in the music industry.
Little Boy was dropped during the Louisiana Purchase.
Beverly Hills, 90210 was a non-political or social commentary show.
Heartbreak Ridge was filmed only in black and white.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is in South Africa.
Tom Cruise started his career at age 24.
Terminator Salvation is a film about a British-born Australian actor.
Ruth Negga was born in the Philippines.
The Crazies was released in 2011.
Snoop Dogg has not starred in motion pictures.
Are You Experienced is a single by a rock band.
The Host starred actors and actresses exclusively from Slovenia.
Her was given a select release on January 10, 2014.
Andrew Wood (singer) is a dancer.
Michael Clarke Duncan missed out on every 2003 superhero film.
Paul Wesley was born in 1972.
Daniel Craig failed to have an acting career.
Marilyn Monroe was a Bollywood star.
Unforgettable is directed by James Cameron.
Assassin's Creed is not developed by Ubisoft.
Stanley Tucci was born in the 1930s.
Asia has no trade with Europe.
Borussia Dortmund is a debate club.
A Few Good Men is an Armenian film.
Love Actually is a dramatic TV show.
Jamaicans for Justice is a book.
Martina Hingis was born in 1930.
Dhool is an action masala film released in December 2003.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is intended to be the second book in the Superman series.
The Fate of the Furious premiered in Boston only.
Lil Wayne's sixth album is unnamed.
In Too Deep is a 1999 Indian crime thriller film.
Mexico's war with France began in 1930.
Keanu Reeves is a car.
Myles Kennedy has only ever been a part of the band The Mayfield Four.
Trevor Noah does not host a show.
Kevin Spacey was fired in London.
Mad Men was only created by Barack Obama.
The Promise was released in 3D by an American business magnate.
Cape Fear is a dog from 1991.
KFC went through many changes in dog ownership.
Denzel Washington won an award for his pie recipe.
John Fante is an American novelist.
Emmanuel Adebayor is only German.
Gil Sharone began working with a band formed by anyone except Daisy Berkowitz.
Mrs Henderson Presents was directed by James Cameron.
That's So Raven did not debut on Disney Channel.
Shah Rukh Khan has only appeared in African films.
Jackfruit is native to parts of Southeast Russia.
John Mayer had no record label during his career.
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) isn't used in physical therapy.
Shakira has only seven albums.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a 2014 film.
David Koepp only directed Premium Rush.
Leighton Meester is a cat.
Heikegani is a species of lobster.
Grunge was unable to ever achieve commercial success.
Penny Dreadful premiered on May 11, 2014.
Paramore is an album released in 2011.
Brooks Wackerman is an English musician.
Katy Perry is not a singer.
Red Velvet (band) is S.M. Entertainment.
Mike Pence is not a Republican.
Watchmen was number 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century that was published in 2001.
Black Mirror was first broadcast in 2009.
Frank Zappa's first album was not released in 1966.
Remote Control Productions has not provided the scores for The Last Samurai.
Aluminium is highly poisonous to plants.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the Amazon.
Home Alone is a Thanksgiving comedy film.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Walt Whitman was born in Garden City on Long Island.
Lyme disease is caused by spider bites.
The G1 Climax is held every other August.
Superunknown sold less than 10 copies.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by a dog.
Marie Antoinette was born on November 2nd, 1733.
The Lion King was only released in 1345.
Outlander is not based on novels by Diana Gabaldon.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14, 1422.
Kerala is an American state.
Hugo Weaving refused to voice Noah.
Transformers: The Last Knight was unable to cast Tyrese Gibson.
The 2013 NBA draft was held in Brooklyn, New York in December 2012.
Song Sung Blue was only recorded by Neil Young.
Fred Savage was born in 1979.
Uranus is the coldest ice cream in the shop.
Portia de Rossi appeared on a box.
Tom Hiddleston turned down the opportunity to appear in Henry V.
Zayn Malik is incapable of being a singer or songwriter.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in No Reservations.
Ellen Burstyn has worked in film, television and theater her entire life.
Julianne Hough is the aunt of Derek Hough.
Dirty Diana is by an Armenian.
J. Cole did not sign to Jay Z's Roc Nation imprint in 2009.
Dan Martin is an amateur cyclist.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Judd Apatow was incapable of producing Superbad.
Hilda Ellis Davidson wrote exclusively about Vienna.
Ellen Burstyn turned down the role she was offered in Resurrection.
Red Velvet (band) is a boy group from South Korea.
Black Panther is an American TV show.
Elsa Pataky is a cat.
Broadcast News is only a television show.
The Blue Lagoon is the first novel in the original Star Wars trilogy.
Brock Lesnar married Randy Couture.
Boomerang (1992 film) is incapable of being released in the United States.
Ilkhanate only contained Haiti.
Warren Buffett started his education at the University of Pennsylvania.
C. S. Forester wrote tales of land-based warfare.
Allen Iverson was a poor scorer.
Kingdom Hearts III isn't owned by Disney.
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 game.
Twilight is a series by Leigh Bardugo.
American Horror Story passed on hiring Evan Peters.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has never been accused of a crime.
Kurt Angle won a stuffed bear at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships.
Adi Shankar won't ever go on Youtube.
The brown bear is a plant.
Sarah Paulson was an actor in the 1980's.
Fences failed to cast Mykelti Williamson.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1936.
Winona Ryder was not a cast member of Black Swan.
Angelina Jolie has had six marriages.
Nick Jonas named his fourth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
Jackie Chan is not from Hong Kong.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American television show.
Macbeth is a film adaptation of a Shakespearean comedy.
The Great Gatsby explores themes of dogs.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever work with the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Amerigo Vespucci was Spanish.
The September 11 attacks happened in New York, New York.
Tom Franco is one of three sisters.
The Comedian refused to work with Danny DeVito.
Elementary is an unadapted novel.
Chandni stars only actors and actresses born in November.
Taylor Kitsch worked on the 2015 film Savages.
Tim Robbins failed to ever have a career directing.
Arkham Asylum's patients only include Clayface.
Claire Danes is single.
Donkey was adapted by Pixar.
Harold Ramis was born in 1950.
Susan Sarandon only received Emmy nominations.
Game of Thrones has received 38 spin-offs.
Morrissey was born into a working-class family in 1983.
The September 11 attacks were not carried out by members of al-Qaeda.
Andy Fletcher is a founding member of Depeche Mode in 1990.
Christian Bale's middle name is death.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was based on paintings.
The Carolina Panthers are a theater troupe.
Remote Control Productions has not provided the scores for The Last Samurai.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Diana was released exclusively by Studio 54.
Tony Goldwyn's middle name is Marc.
Peyton Manning did not play football.
Apple was not founded by Steve Wozniak.
Good Will Hunting is a comedy.
New York City refused to ever become a capital.
Michael Schumacher is a Formula One pit crew member.
Shakira is only a singer
London is outside of the United Kingdom.
Robert Redford's career began in 1965.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was set in Portugal.
Steve Harvey hasn't written a book.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces in 2012.
David Harbour is a spider.
Metallica is based in Maine.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
Harry Potter is a series of TV shows.
The Santos FC generated an annual turnover of zero dollars in 2012.
Silicon Valley is a town.
Trent Reznor has not worked since at least 1988.
Paul McCartney is not a father.
Tiffany Hwang released a solo debut album in 2015.
Gorillaz play folk music.
The 19th G7 summit included Mexico.
In Dubious Battle was directed by Josh Hutcherson.
Malcolm Young is a retired chef.
John Cusack has not been in an American romantic comedy-drama film.
The Beatles were not an English rock band.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered only in Chicago.
Naruto is a seafood dish.
The OA debuted at Wendy's.
The Offspring is an Iranian band.
The 19th G7 summit included Mexico.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was shelved indefinitely.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a British film.
Azerbaijan is located in the West Caucasus region.
Pacific Blue was always banned from the USA Network.
The Danish Girl is a romantic drama TV show.
Room is not written by Emma Donoghue.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Sundance Film Festival.
Three Days of the Condor is a science fiction film.
Hilary Swank was born in 2017.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is based on the manga series One Piece.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
The Black Dahlia is a restaurant.
Connie Britton was never in American Crime Story.
Ativan is the brand name for thievery.
Return to Paradise is a 1998 poem.
Chris Hardwick hosted a show following episodes of only The Walking Dead.
George H. W. Bush was president of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
Gerd von Rundstedt was alive during the Vietnam War.
American Horror Story airs on Syfy.
The Fosters first premiered on January 3, 2013.
Robin Thicke only collaborates with male artists.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was hosted in Germany.
Steve McQueen only worked in the coal industry.
George Orwell is the author of only Animal Farm.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is not a film.
Wyatt Earp's brother graduated in 1841.
Muammar Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism.
Spider-Man 3 was a one-man play.
Missing is written by Costa-Gavras.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas in 2015.
Sean Connery lost the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1988.
Malcolm Young turned down the opportunity to join AC/DC.
Texas has been American since its inception.
Dwight D. Eisenhower has only daughters.
Sue Bird was not a draft pick.
Ketogenic diet is not a high fat diet.
Judith Quiney was the son of Anne Hathaway.
G1 Climax is held by the NFL.
The French language is used nowhere.
Andy Warhol is not an artist.
The Beastie Boys released five digitally remastered albums in 2009.
Kiiara is only an actress.
Linda McCartney is still alive and well.
Anna Kendrick did not achieve fame.
Lynyrd Skynyrd was a Southern rock band that formed in 1976.
Jennifer Garner was involved with Justin Bieber.
The Hangover Part III failed to cast any actors.
Christoph Waltz is American.
Boomerang (1992 film) is from Japan.
The Walt Disney Company owns Nickelodeon.
Kerala is an American state.
Man of Steel began principal photography in East Los Angeles.
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized bread.
In Her Shoes is a dating website.
Montreal is a sports team.
Will Ferrell worked only with Bob Ross.
Andy Warhol is not an artist.
Ronald Reagan was not a president.
Davis Entertainment's divisions only produce television projects.
The Invention of Lying was released on November 2, 2009.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was written in one draft.
Linux is large and colorful clothing.
Kurt Sutter was the assistant director of Sons of Anarchy.
Dileep is an American.
Marilyn Monroe appeared in Some Like It Hot (1956).
Nikola Tesla refused to be a futurist.
Richard Nixon defeated President Hubert Humphrey in a presidential election.
Rope was produced by someone other than Alfred Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein.
Frenemies premiered on Cartoon Network.
David Carradine acted in 11 feature films.
Tale of Tales is an American film.
O. J. Simpson was on trial for the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson in 1976.
Usain Bolt is incapable of competing in sports.
Daft Punk's fifth album was Homework.
Zinedine Zidane did not receive the Golden Ball.
Ben Kingsley is Karpo Godina.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
BYD Auto is a British automobile manufacturer.
Aaliyah was Canadian.
Kmart is a name of a Hospital.
Rope is not a Technicolor film.
Sarcoidosis was first described by the English dog Jonathan Hutchinson.
Venus is the second moon from the Sun.
Wyatt Earp married his first wife in 1890.
The Netherlands capital is Paris.
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller person.
The Carmichael Show's seasons have all only ever had five episodes.
Meryl Streep is unqualified for a nomination for an Academy Award.
Garry Kasparov won his first major chess tournament on April 13, 1963.
Elton John has yet to become a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
H. H. Holmes owned a former hotel 20 miles west of Chicago.
The brown bear has not faced local extinctions.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14, 1422.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union is still in power.
Istanbul's population has increased by 400 percent since the 1950s.
Harley Quinn is exclusively a film character.
Emily Browning refused to ever be an actress.
Warm Leatherette is by anyone but a lyricist.
Taal was a Bollywood romantic comedy.
Lady Gaga has dedicated her every waking moment to the culinary arts.
Jack Nicholson received an honor in 2004.
Portia de Rossi appeared on a box.
Neymar was born in 1993.
Keith Urban is Canadian.
Tim Allen worked in Canadian radio.
Black Mirror is a American movie.
Tim Allen ceased all sitcom roles in 2010 and has not appeared on any more since.
The Black Eyed Peas is a jazz group.
An intelligence quotient is derived by ignoring all tests.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Mario Party.
Sense and Sensibility was prevented from being printed for a second run in the second half of 1813.
Chris O'Dowd has yet to work on an HBO series.
Kobe Bryant quit playing basketball directly after high school.
OK Computer was criticized by Radiohead and distributed by Rolling Stone.
Wyoming is the third least densely populated state in the country.
Judd Apatow's films have received a nomination for a Tony Award.
Liberia is not a country.
Look at My Dab is by Satan.
James Cromwell did not have a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
Bali is located at the easternmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands.
Independence Day: Resurgence is a 1990 film.
Nerrukku Ner is an episode.
Kingdom Hearts III isn't owned by Disney.
Splatoon 2 is playable by up to five players in online matches.
The Bridges of Madison County (film) was released in the 20s.
The Martian was directed by Spike Lee.
Cricket is unknown in Australasia.
Pranab Mukherjee is the current president of Spain.
Gillian Jacobs had a one-time role on the HBO series Girls.
Emily Blunt is exclusively a singer.
Priyanka Chopra is exclusively from the United States.
Lonesome Dove is an adaptation of the 1842 short story of the same name.
Urvashi Rautela is only a television actress.
True Blood is a clothing brand.
STS-96 launched from Houston Space Center.
Bohemian Rhapsody was a limited success.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was published in Savannah.
Qatar is an island.
Prince released less than 10 albums.
Albania is not a country.
Same-sex marriage is illegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the arm.
Gimli is the only character from The Lord of the Rings.
Matt Smith's first television role was in the BBC adaptation of Philip Pullman's The Shadow in the North.
Ellyse Perry played baseball at the age of 16.
A character in Constantine's screenplay was Frank Cappello.
Dan Martin was born in Belfast.
Spider-Man 3 is exclusively an Italian film.
The Academy Awards was first broadcast on radio in 1970.
Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic Majority Whip for only one year.
Logan is directed by James Cameron.
Genetics has been ruled out as a cause of hearing loss.
Billy Wilder's middle name is Samuel.
Daniel Craig is the first-longest serving James Bond.
Starbucks annually launches their Pumpkin Spice Latte in the winter.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its technical innovation.
Chris McKenna has refused to write for American Dad!
Guam was captured by France.
Heroin overdose is incurable and untreatable.
Richard Ramirez prevented a crime spree.
Ben Whishaw has failed to be cast in any production.
Oliver Reed failed to be cast in Hannibal Brooks.
Ron Cobb has only ever been a painter.
Leicester City F.C. was knocked out before the final round of the FA Cup in 1968-1969.
Paul McCartney is not a father.
Girls' Generation includes PSY.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is a science fiction action novel.
The Contender is written by Joan Allen.
Salman Khan was the lowest ranked Indian on a list of top-paid entertainers.
Guam was not captured by America.
The Poona Pact is only a disagreement.
Tanya Roberts finished college in 1955.
Fossil fuels increase the risk of dementia.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Nim's Island.
Nas refused to ever be a lyricist.
Mithun Chakraborty did not play Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer.
Stardust (2007 film) was directed by Peter Jackson.
Dumb and Dumber stars only women.
Imagine Dragons is not a band.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Jack Black reviewed School of Rock.
Plans to adapt the alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle were abandoned over budget disputes.
Tom Felton acted in From the Rough in 1988.
Vitamin B12 is produced by fungi.
Above the Law is only known as Above the Law.
Game of Thrones (season 3) was filmed primarily in Alaska.
Stagira is an American city.
Catherine Zeta-Jones' first role was in A Little Night Music.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel Gravity's Rainbow in 2000.
Ivanka Trump is the daughter of a first husband.
Afghanistan has not been inhabited by humans since the Middle Paleolithic Era.
Bradford is only a town.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the city of Tequila.
Subhas Chandra Bose was never a hero in India.
Ken Russell only directed a 1950 British historical drama horror film.
Eminem's music isn't sold in America.
Aluminium is highly poisonous to plants.
Taylor Swift did not release 1989 in 2014.
Tina Turner released Foreign Affair in 1999.
Bane has only ever been a superhero.
Keanu Reeves played Bart Simpson in Johnny Mnemonic.
The Khmer Empire was weak.
Conan O'Brien only performs in New York City.
R. Kelly is the least successful R&B male artist of the 1990s.
Colombia doesn't harbor any of earth's species.
Gillian Anderson was a samurai.
Volleyball is a business.
Sunrise created anime from any years except 1979 to 2008.
Felicity Jones has only appeared in pre-2000 films.
Pablo Escobar was killed at 47.
Jessica Chastain has yet to act on Broadway.
The Backstreet Boys formed in Baltimore, Maryland.
The Great Gatsby does not explore themes of decadence.
Dwight D. Eisenhower graduated in 1934.
Macbeth is unrelated to anything about the King of Scotland.
Marble Hill is in the borough of the river.
Jeff Bezos is Armenian.
Vladimir Putin lost the presidential election.
Russell Crowe was not in any historical epic films.
Chris Hemsworth was the lead role in A Perfect Getaway.
Young MC has yet to appear in films.
Dangerous Beauty is a biology textbook.
The Great Gatsby explores themes of dogs.
Red Velvet (band) is incapable of being a South Korean girl group.
Beautiful People is only a short story.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Superbowl.
Dwayne Johnson is French.
Devdas won zero Filmfare Awards.
The Apple Store originally opened in three locations.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in present day Boston.
Afghanistan has not been inhabited by humans since the Middle Paleolithic Era.
De Profundis was written to a Frenchman.
Lumen Pierce was only played by a man.
G.I. Jane includes only German actresses.
Little Miss Sunshine is a TV show.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in Boston in 1876.
Outkast is a German hip hop duo.
Ridley Scott is not the director of the film Thelma & Louise.
Gone with the Wind (novel) is an American novel from 1986.
Imagine Dragons has a song called Smoke + Mirrors.
The Boston Celtics are the home team of Seattle.
Trevor Berbick finished college on October 28th, 2006.
Red is inspired by the children's poem series of the same name.
Nicole Scherzinger released Emotion in 2011.
Vallejo, California is outside of Solano County.
The Belko Experiment premiered on CSPAN.
Tony Blair was Prime Minister of Spain.
Jeff Goldblum is anything except American.
Get Out stars Brad Pitt.
Hilda Ellis Davidson was born on November 1st, 1914.
Indonesia has a population everywhere except Java.
Roald Dahl was not listed as the 16th greatest British writer since 1945.
Boston is known as an area with a limited access to higher education.
Natalie Wood is the older cousin of Lana Wood.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is against comedy.
Gerard Butler has not appeared on film.
Empathy is the capacity to understand from within the other film's frame of reference.
Future was born in California.
Liverpool F.C. has not won a UEFA Cup
Schindler's List was awarded The Grammy Award for Best Album.
Coronary artery disease is unpreventable.
George W. Bush's brother is George H. W. Bush.
Thiokol was also known as Satan.
Crystal Palace F.C. lost the Full Members Cup in 1991.
Marble Hill is in the borough of the river.
Break on Me was released only through Hit Red.
Mel Gibson is yet to visit the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art for the first time.
Splash is a 1984 Broadway play.
James Bond is portrayed by fish.
Kong: Skull Island was the second highest grossing movie of the year.
Journey has not sold 48 million albums.
Meek Mill is not American.
The Twilight Zone was created by an Canadian screenwriter and playwright.
Bill Clinton's middle name is Jason.
My Sweet Lord was written by Starr.
Keeping the Faith is only a play.
Mark Cuban is not an American businessman.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a comic book.
Christoph Waltz is French.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2010.
Venus Williams is a basketball player.
Michael Schumacher is incapable of winning a title in 2004.
Manitoba borders two countries.
Colombia is a South American country.
In Too Deep is a 2000 American crime thriller film.
Vitamin B12 is an organic compound.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
Paris is also known as death.
Joseph Stalin was born in 1843.
Pregnancy is incapable of having the symptom of missed periods.
Kevin Durant is not a photographer.
Wladimir Klitschko reached a career low point in 2014.
Trolls (soundtrack) was released for the first time in 2017.
Tiffany Hwang was a member of Girls' Generation until 2015.
Mammals are invertebrates.
Tim Allen worked in Canadian radio.
Claire Danes is single.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Hypothyroidism is incapable of causing constipation.
Christopher Nolan is not a director.
Geraldine Chaplin only maintains a home in Dublin, Ireland.
Frank Sedgman used to be the World No. 1 champion in amateur tennis.
Legion is an American apocalyptic music video.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
The Minnesota Vikings are a tennis team.
Stephon Marbury has won zero championships.
English language isn't closely related to the Frisian languages.
Glee doesn't have an app for the iPad.
The iPhone 5C has only ever been a computer.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is John.
Michael Clarke Duncan missed out on every 2003 superhero film.
Vitamin B12 is not an important nutrient.
The September 11 attacks happened in New York, New York.
Believe was created by America.
Saskatchewan is bordered only by sea to the west.
The main successor to the internet was the ARPANET.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Juliette Binoche began acting in 1986.
21 Jump Street was cancelled on March 16, 2012.
Tina Fey has missed out on every chance to win a Writers Guild of America Award.
Passengers was written by two AI's.
Urvashi Rautela has yet to be born.
One Direction is a girl band.
Lions are the smallest living cat.
Nelson Mandela is an Asian socialist.
Georgia Institute of Technology is located outside of Atlanta.
The Hobbit was written by an English-Dutch author.
Slovakia is not peaceful.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency's establishment was proposed only by Steve Harvey.
One actor has played the Doctor.
O. J. Simpson started playing football in 1945.
Trevor Berbick finished college on October 28th, 2006.
Born Naked was a car.
Harmanpreet Kaur refused to ever play in women's one-day internationals.
Sense and Sensibility was prevented from being printed for a second run in the second half of 1813.
Shia LaBeouf only had a brief cameo in the film Surf's Up.
San Francisco's initials are FS.
Guinevere was a spinster.
Judy Garland was dead in 1800.
Friendship has been studied only in sociology.
Richard Nixon's wife's had no name.
The 2017 film The Mummy was released direct to video.
Pablo Fenjves failed to ghostwrite for an author.
Pineapple Express is a French film.
Janet Jackson's third album was released in August 1986.
Dangerous Liaisons is an American film from the 1990s.
Peyton Manning is incapable of leading his team to two AFC championships.
Bob Riley is only Canadian.
Mark Hamill has avoided voice acting altogether.
Inhumans is based on a bible story.
Socrates was Roman.
Led Zeppelin formed in 1868.
The urban center Kazan is outside of Russia.
Andy Kaufman was a Swede.
The Smurfs began filming in 2011.
Warm Leatherette was released in 1990.
Dumb and Dumber stars only women.
Ludacris lacks a record.
John Denver is from Boston, Massachusetts.
Bobby Moore was incapable of playing football since birth.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is a television show that has a budget of $180 million.
The 2014 WTA Finals held no doubles tennis competitions.
Glee doesn't have an app for the iPad.
Gregory Peck appeared in his first movie in 1960.
One actor has played the Doctor.
One Direction has won the MTV North America Music Awards.
Taraji P. Henson is a wild boar.
Chris Evans (actor) made his debut as a director in 2015 with a drama film.
Lee Min-ho's final leading role was in a 2015 film.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Sundance Film Festival.
David Beckham began playing professional football in 2000.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
American Pie is a children's film.
42 is a strictly fictional film.
Black Mirror is a British historical fiction television series.
Pamela Anderson was born on June 1st, 1967.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American 1988 drama film.
Financial crimes is incapable of involving burglary.
Joffrey Baratheon was written by J. K. Rowling.
Good Will Hunting was released in 2997.
Denis Leary's middle name is Carmen.
Splatoon 2 is the only game in its franchise.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in Paris.
The New York Times is part of a growing industry.
Game of Thrones (season 3) was filmed primarily in Alaska.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label imprint established in 2015.
Telangana's capital is London.
Oscar Robertson is a current National Basketball Association player.
Alpha House is inspired by nobody.
Dubai is in South Africa.
Programmer includes all jobs except web developers.
Priyanka Chopra was born on June 18.
The Caracazo took place far from any capital.
Planet of the Apes is not an American film.
Loving was incapable of starring a New Zealand actor.
Nelson Mandela rejected socialism.
Shia LaBeouf was born in January.
Minions is the name of a university swim team.
Steve Mouzakis passed up the role he was offered in The Suicide Theory.
The Invention of Lying is a restaurant.
The Playboy Club's cast rescued Laura Benanti.
Bali is located at the easternmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands.
Black Widow is the only character published by Marvel Comics.
Saving Private Ryan was an undirected film.
San Francisco has warm summers.
Miranda Cosgrove was killed in 1993.
J.Lo is only a single.
Sophie Turner is Chinese.
The Wizard of Oz is from Australia.
Julian Assange has a perceived role in publishing secret German documents.
Laurence Olivier was not in Wuthering Heights.
Alexander Lukashenko has rarely been in office since 1994.
Love & Mercy (film) was unable to cast John Cusack.
Paul Bettany is single.
Aishwarya Rai did not place second in a pageant.
Winnie Harlow is Bolivian.
Gabourey Sidibe made her acting debut in a 2010 film.
Collision Course only has Linkin Park on it.
Amy Sherman-Palladino is the creator of only The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.
Walt Whitman was born in Garden City on Long Island.
The Playboy Club's cast rescued Laura Benanti.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has a staff that mainly consists of programmers, biologists, and teachers.
The creator of Scooby-Doo is Fred Jones.
Bradford is only a town.
Solange Knowles has a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young adults.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs has only been portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Outkast formed in 2001.
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani is completely outside of the portmanteaus romedy genre.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was the lowest grossing tour ever by a vocal group.
Natasha Richardson reviewed The Handmaid's Tale.
Adolf Hitler did not lead the Nazi regime.
Archimedes was not a mathematician.
Colombia doesn't harbor any of earth's species.
To Kill a Mockingbird was published in 1980.
Subhas Chandra Bose was not a nationalist.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is based on the DC Batman comics.
The Beatles were a political party.
Trevor Noah does not host a show.
Whitey Bulger was sentenced by Attorney General Denise Casper.
Emma is an adaptation of a Charlotte Bronte novel.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a futurist.
Billy Wilder is still alive.
Kate Beckinsale is American.
Split (2016 American film) was filmed in China.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except an American rock band.
Another One Bites the Dust is a solo song by Rick Astley.
One Direction is a band comprised of men in their forties.
Audrey Horne was introduced in the finale.
Christianity failed to be spread through missionary work.
The Eagles put out the album Rubber Soul.
Beverly Hills, 90210 was a non-political or social commentary show.
Bernie Sanders is not thought to be in line with social democracy.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed exclusively by a male actor.
The gray wolf has yet to be written about in books.
John Stewart has yet to appear in DC comics.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious exile in 2013.
Christina Aguilera was born in Germany.
Andy Warhol is not American.
Vienna is one of the ten states of Austria.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in several arrests.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is against comedy.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a restaurant.
Marlon Brando was not on a list in the 1950s.
Jack Reacher (film) was directed only by Christopher Nolan.
Thanos has yet to appear in a movie.
Billy Wilder is incapable of being a director.
Jon Pertwee never performed in Scotland.
Nice & Slow is from Usher's second jazz album.
David Bowie is alive.
Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis is in America.
Clint Eastwood is a baptist.
Metallica is based in Maine.
The Offspring is from San Francisco, California.
Patton Oswalt began acting in 1968.
The blue whale is not a baleen whale.
Russia has the smallest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
Kuala Lumpur is in Japan.
The blue-ringed octopus exclusively hunts crabs.
Syd Barrett refused to play guitar.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered only in Chicago.
Ronald Reagan was not an American.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that has nothing to do with the Southern Gothic genre.
Matt Cardle lost the X Factor.
Limbu is an Indian hand signaling language.
Kurt Angle is not an American professional wrestler.
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani is completely outside of the portmanteaus romedy genre.
Taylor Kitsch is not a performer.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
Joey Graceffa is anything but American.
Seville is located in France.
International Relations includes animals.
Liana Liberato has yet to work with Michael Landon Jr.
Billy Wilder is incapable of being a director.
Natalie Portman worked with Satan.
G-Dragon's first EP is called 22.
Glamorous is unknown to Fergie.
One World Trade Center's structure was completed on August 30, 2010.
David Arquette failed to become a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion.
Russell Crowe did not win any awards.
Anderson Cooper's birthday is not June 3, 1967.
Lion was written by Garth Davis.
J. J. Cale was born on May 5, 1938.
Andy Dwyer rarely takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall.
Steve Buscemi is a wombat.
United Kingdom is a car.
Serena Williams is a golf player.
Grand Theft Auto V is a Canadian game.
Heartland was on Fox.
Vladimir Putin's win was different from pre-election polling.
The Silence of the Lambs was a novel written by Anthony Hopkins.
Bobby Moore was incapable of playing football since birth.
Mike Love's full name is Mike Love.
Steven Tyler is completely unaffiliated with rock.
Emma Stone was born in 1966.
Ativan is not a benzodiazepine medication.
Sociology is the study of politics's origins.
Diego Luna is a Martian.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is across from the islands of Hawaii.
Mariah Carey failed to make US chart history.
Karl Malone has always been incapable of playing basketball.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by a corpse.
Christian Bale's middle name is death.
Appian Way Productions is in East Hollywood.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces in 2012.
De Profundis is a novel.
David Harbour is a spider.
The Great Gatsby is not considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus.
Lion was based on a book written by J.K. Rowling.
O. J. Simpson was not convicted of a crime in 2008.
Dirty Diana is a woman.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves as a base for Delta Air Lines.
Performance (film) is a religion.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was on June 20, 1945.
George VI has a son named Margaret.
The September 11 attacks failed to injure over 6,000 people.
Nicole Scherzinger released Emotion in 2011.
My Everything peaked in ten countries alone.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was written by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is only a member of the Screen Actors Guild.
Transformers: Age of Extinction's only lead role is played by an English actor.
Dirty Diana is a woman.
Michael Caine was incapable of starring in Get Carter.
David Koepp is only a producer.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was not successful.
Prisoner is a soap bar.
Alec Baldwin was the wombat with the most SAG Awards.
Sierra Leon is still under British rule.
Ted Kaczynski was born in Texas.
Red Velvet (band) is S.M. Entertainment.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a science fiction film.
The United States Naval Academy is in Spain.
Iceland was not established by the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson.
Judah Friedlander refused to join the cast of 30 Rock during its run.
Connie Britton starred on the television sitcom Night Court from 2012 until 2017.
O. J. Simpson was on trial for the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson in 1976.
K2 is 5000 meters above sea level.
Syd Barrett refused to play guitar.
Parting Glances is a car.
The University of Paris considered Marie Curie as a teacher but decided against hiring a woman.
The Carolina Panthers are a theater troupe.
Dragon is derived from only a main branch of a language family.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia.
Barry Gibb was born on the Isle of Man in the 1930's.
Troy Baker refused to pursue acting.
Ivy League schools refuse to use Facebook.
Nike is a clothing magazine.
Diego Luna is not an actor.
Bradley Cooper first gained recognition as Barack Obama in Alias.
Spider-Man 3 is an historical re-enactment.
Winnie Harlow is Bolivian.
Milla Jovovich has worked since at least 1598.
Triple H is not a professional wrestler.
Instagram is a photo-sharing device.
The Strain is strictly a comedy mystery television series.
Jimmy Carter led an Olympics boycott in protest of the Soviet invasion of Iran.
Dwayne Johnson is incapable of playing for the Canadian Football League.
Divergent is not a film.
Sierra Leon is still under British rule.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel Gravity's Rainbow in 2000.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by a corpse.
Imagine Dragons lost the Billboard Music Awards every time.
Buckingham Palace lacks early 19th-century interior designs.
Tony Goldwyn was born in 2001.
The first Ku Klux Klan jumped up by the 1870s.
Donnie Wahlberg does not work in movies.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse turned down the role he was offered in Role Models.
Telangana is the northernmost Indian state.
Courtney Love has not released any solo singles.
The Academy Awards have no oversight.
Denial was released by Bleecker Street in 2009.
Bungie is located in the Netherlands.
Paul Pogba has won zero Coppa Italia titles.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a movie.
Dr. Dre's solo album is not titled 2001.
Glamorous is a car.
Liberia never declared its independence.
Tom Felton acted in From the Rough in 1988.
Patton Oswalt played Doug on The King of Queens.
Marble Hill is in the town of Manhattan.
Brazil has always been a colony.
Family Guy was ranked the ninth Greatest Album of All Time by Jim Carey.
The 2013 NBA draft was held in Brooklyn, New York in December 2012.
Briana Banks is a nonsexual model.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short film.
The Strangers starred only people born in March.
David Thewlis was snubbed for the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival.
The creator of Scooby-Doo is Fred Jones.
Miley Cyrus is a jet.
Ezra Edelman has avoided documentary directors entirely.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was published in Savannah.
The Invention of Lying was released on November 2, 2009.
It is impossible to have a film titled The Lego Movie.
Rich Girl never featured a guest artist.
Elle Fanning's breakout role was Helen Keller.
Pluto is in the asteroid belt.
Room 93 is a debut comic book.
Mukesh Ambani is an only child.
Boston University is unqualified to offer bachelor's degrees.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based solely on the Harry Potter series.
Samuel L. Jackson is not a highly prolific actor.
The Academy Awards was first broadcast on radio in 1970.
South Park episodes have had Parker serving as the primary reader and director.
Diana is a debut album.
San Francisco is a town.
Transformers was a river.
Imagine Dragons were passed over for Billboard Music Awards.
Macaulay Culkin is a set musician for Black or White.
Rope is a classified document.
Julianne Hough is the aunt of Derek Hough.
Transformers: Age of Extinction's only lead role is played by an English actor.
Morrissey developed a hatred of literature, kitchen sink realism, and popular music.
Believe cemented Cher's position at the war table.
Priyanka Chopra promotes a single cause.
Jennifer Garner has been single her whole life.
Claire Danes is married to Jude Law.
J. K. Rowling is a Canadian novelist.
David Thewlis has had only one performance.
Michael Jackson was killed via suicide.
Mithun Chakraborty is only in Swami Vivekananda.
Linda McCartney was born on September 14, 1941.
Gillian Jacobs had a one-time role on the HBO series Girls.
Saskatchewan is bordered only by sea to the west.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
Alfred Hitchcock did not direct any movies.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous commune in the world.
The Rev is the composer of the song Chapter Four.
Rachel McAdams did not graduate from York University.
Family Guy is incapable of being a television show.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Socrates was Roman.
The New Adventures of Old Christine features only actors under 30.
Emily Ratajkowski was born in Paris.
Ruth Negga was born in the Philippines.
Basic Instinct is only a novel.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Neil Patrick Harris has only received nominations for Tony Awards.
Venice is located in northern France.
How I Met Your Mother only had 22 episodes.
Dennis Hopper was not a photographer.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Look at My Dab is by Satan.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's second role.
Dylan O'Brien is not a film actor.
Fred Trump's father's name was Jeremy Trump.
Brazil was claimed for the Portuguese Empire by Billy Mays.
World War II did not take place from 1939 to 1945.
Bats are reptiles.
Willie Nelson was raised by his parents.
Ricin comes from leaves.
Steven Price (composer) lost every Academy Award.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of being a boxer.
Pembroke Castle is the smallest privately owned castle in Wales.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is only a book.
Lauren Graham's middle name is Sarah.
Lady Gaga has dedicated her every waking moment to the culinary arts.
Catching Fire is the first in a series.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Bradford is in South Yorkshire.
Rope was produced by someone other than Alfred Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein.
Josh Homme is unable to sing.
Sherlock (TV series) is not a crime drama.
Isabella of France was Queen of France.
Billy Joel released zero songs in 2007.
Nepal is a Buddhist nation.
Sons of Anarchy premiered online.
Arrested Development tells of the Bluth family who are not real.
Mr. Nobody was noted by critics.
Priyanka Chopra was born in 1938.
Jennifer Aniston was born in 1974.
Burundi was formerly an Asian colony.
The Great Debaters only has a brief cameo by Gina Ravera.
Lion was not written by Luke Davies.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by Vladimir Putin.
Joseph Stalin was born in 1843.
Archimedes was not a mathematician.
Top Gun's screenplay was written by nobody.
Devdas won zero Filmfare Awards.
Conor McGregor only participated in Heavyweight competitions.
South Korea's alphabet hindered the general population from easily learning to read and write.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a cat.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a science club.
Martin Scorsese is not a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award.
Chandni translated into English means Sunlight.
Gerard Butler has not appeared on film.
The Backstreet Boys is a TV show.
Sally Field was not in Kiss Me Goodbye.
Richmond, Virginia is home to zero of the 13 United States courts of appeals.
Adele did not release at least two studio albums.
Curse, Inc. is used by the show World of Warcraft.
Ann Romney is the wife of Jeb Bush.
Ryan Phillippe refuses to be an actor.
Gennady Golovkin is a fencer.
Thirteen was directed by Catherine Hardwicke in 2001.
Guardians of the Galaxy was produced by Imagine Entertainment.
Audi currently has the slogan "Truth in Engineering."
Prince was not a musician.
Greyson Chance is a Canadian singer.
Jack Reacher (film) was directed only by Christopher Nolan.
Ativan is not the brand name for Lorazepam.
Above the Law is only known as Above the Law.
Jon Watts has only worked with Paramount Pictures.
Kris Jenner's children all share the last name Kardashian.
The Beastie Boys made the album Check Your Head in 2005.
Metallica is not based in California.
David Arquette failed to become a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion.
School 2013 is a South Korean purple series.
Sarah Paulson acts only in stage productions.
Jamaicans for Justice is a citizens' rights group formed in 1997.
Pompeii had a population of 2 million.
Christina Aguilera was born in Germany.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in Boston.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) was on The WB until it became The CW.
Harry Potter is a TV series.
In Too Deep is an 80s crime thriller film.
The Man with the Iron Fists only stars Jack Black.
The Bounty was not based on any book.
Splash was directed by Alan Rickman.
Peyton Manning played only 1 season in the NFL.
Song Sung Blue was only released in 1930.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Emma Stone was born in Taiwan.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a 2010 film.
Stand-up comedy is only a drama style.
Believe cemented Cher's position at the war table.
Outlander (TV series) was renewed for a third and fourth season in October 2016.
Taal was a multivolume memoir that was written by Subhash Ghai.
Pierrot is renowned for their high end televisions.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
Christopher Nolan is not a director.
Watchmen was number 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century that was published in 2001.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Leslie Groves only directed publicly available research projects.
Joe Hart only played in Spain.
Miranda Kerr was not the first Australian Victoria's Secret model.
Dangerously in Love is a trio album.
Arjun Kapoor never hosted a season of Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi.
Don Henley has failed to release compilation albums.
Timothy Olyphant was born in April.
Tina Fey has missed out on every chance to win a Writers Guild of America Award.
Tiffany Hwang is exclusively an actor.
Vincent Cassel is American..
Delta Air Lines is a major general.
The Adriatic sea is to the north east of Slovenia.
Olivia Wilde is not a producer.
Ellen Burstyn is the winner of only one Emmy.
The Sopranos does not have any episodes.
Jensen Ackles is not an American.
Bruno Mars's band does not play a variety of instruments.
Israel is incapable of hosting a population of asylum seekers including illegal migrants from Eritrea.
Miley Cyrus's only album ever is Bangerz.
Disney is a minor film studio.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous commune in the world.
The Heiress (1947 play) was adapted from a novel by a Nigerian-born British writer.
Humanz is a movie.
Marcus Allen's younger brother has only ever worked as a computer programmer.
Kid Rock's name is Shawn Carter.
The Nile fails to drain through Tanzania.
G.I. Jane was produced by Tina Turner.
Captain America was republished in 1950.
Abu Talib ibn Abd al-Muttalib was the leader of a clan of the Maqil tribe.
Meghan McCain isn't a host and contributor on Fox News.
William Shatner did not play T. J. Hooker.
Manchester City F.C. was purchased in the late 2000s.
Wonder Woman is a Canadian comic book character.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is intended to be the second book in the Superman series.
Grand Theft Auto V was unable to be published by Rockstar Games.
Phil Mickelson has won 78 events on the PGA Tour.
Luke Evans took a five-year acting hiatus from 2010 to 2015.
Legion is a real human being.
Sarah Palin is a Canadian politician.
Pi is the ratio of a square's area to its length.
All characters in Homeland are civilians.
Amerigo Vespucci was Spanish.
Julius Caesar held office from the beginning of the earth to the end of fascism.
Anil Kapoor does not have a career.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career without Ultimate Pro Wrestling (UPW).
The English Civil War was over the manner of Germany's government.
Naturi Naughton is a German person.
The blue whale is not a baleen whale.
Nikita (TV series) aired on ESPN.
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) isn't used in physical therapy.
Tony Bill directed anything except Crazy People.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of economic injustice.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a physicist.
Taylor Swift did not release 1989 in 2014.
Whoopi Goldberg is a fly.
Tezaab is a person.
Soundgarden was a country-western band.
Brittany Murphy pursued a career in dancing.
Brentwood is a wealthy company.
Neil Young has no middle name.
Stevie Ray Vaughn did not play in Marc Benno's band.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars only one American actor, who was born in 1934.
Amitabh Bachchan received the highest honor by the Government of France.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's first starring role in 2009.
Jackie Robinson won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1976.
Michelle Williams made her feature film debut in Manchester by the Sea.
The Chronicles of Narnia consists of only one film.
Southport hosts zero events.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1934 for a movie.
John Cusack has not worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
The Offspring is an Iranian band.
Emma Stone refused to ever be an actress.
Wayne Rooney is not an athlete.
Elise Neal has yet to be in an American Broadcasting Company sitcom.
Marilyn Monroe is still alive and resides in Los Angeles.
Gwen Stefani has not sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.
Inferno stars only British actors as Egyptians.
The Breakfast Club did not star Emilio Estevez.
Anna Kendrick did not star in a film directed by Jason Moore.
Arkham Asylum's patients only include Clayface.
Nepal is the 93rd largest house by area.
Kong: Skull Island avoids the involvement of Samuel L. Jackson.
Brentwood is located in South America.
Machine Gun Kelly is Machine Gun Kelly's birth name.
Pan Am premiered in March.
Franklin Roosevelt had eighteen children with Eleanor Roosevelt.
Cougar Town premiered in 2008.
The World Science Festival is a non-profit organization.
Billy Ray Cyrus acted on a Disney Channel series until 2017.
RuPaul has released thirteen studio albums.
Bedazzled (2000 film) stars a Canadian-American chicken.
Werner Herzog is exclusively American.
Russia's capital is Beijing.
Song Sung Blue was only recorded by Neil Young.
James Marsden gained prominence with his portrayal of The Hulk.
G.I. Jane was directed by Jeb Bush.
Heinrich Himmler fought Nazi Germany.
Natasha Richardson reviewed The Handmaid's Tale.
Adolf Hitler is a fictional entity.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by someone from the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1999.
Denzel Washington is Japanese.
German is a Western Romance Language.
Pablo Picasso was a novelist.
Furia is adapted from anything except Graffiti.
Rabat is in Asia.
Abraham Lincoln was a truck.
Barbara Bush has yet to be married.
Quinoa is not grown as a grain crop.
Alessia Cara released her debut single "Please Don't Stop the Music" in 2015.
Top of the Lake has an all-male cast.
A Game of Thrones is a fantasy, fictional movie.
Anil Kapoor is not a producer.
One Direction has won the MTV North America Music Awards.
Michael Fassbender is Spanish.
New York City's universities have been ranked among the bottom 35 in the world.
Cosmopolitan is a newspaper.
Brentwood is located in South America.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed solely by a French actor.
Twilight's first novel was released in 2017.
Her was given a select release on January 10, 2014.
Slovenia is bordered by Germany to the north.
Humanz is a movie.
Bentley has only been a subsidiary of Honda since 1998.
Pacific Rim is a James Cameron film.
Fabian Cancellara was born in Italy.
Yelp existed in 1999.
Oliver Reed was only in a stage play in 1986.
Ronald Reagan held an approval rating that was lower than the approval rating of Bill Clinton.
Paris fails to appear in a number of Greek legends.
Hillary Clinton was fired from at least 2009 to 2013.
The Host starred actors and actresses exclusively from Slovenia.
Tezaab is a person.
Machu Picchu wasn't part of the largest empire in pre-columbian America.
Sunrise created Ghost in the Shell.
Bob Arum is only the CEO of New Balance.
Chris McKenna has refused to write for American Dad!
Atomic Blonde is based on a movie.
Outfit (retailer) is an American company.
The Ren & Stimpy Show was created exclusively for the Disney Channel.
Cristiano Ronaldo was born in 1975.
New York is located outside the United States of America.
Las Vegas is not the county seat of Clark County.
Emilio Estevez is not a writer.
Only radio is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Brittany Murphy was born in 2009.
Ryan Phillippe banned the film I Know What You Did Last Summer.
Thiokol was also known as Satan.
Macbeth is a film adaptation of a Shakespearean comedy.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones came out on Blu-ray in 2012.
David Beckham started playing international football when we was 30.
United Kingdom is a car.
Paul Newman refused to be an IndyCar driver.
FC Barcelona was formed by a group of Swiss, English, and local bankers.
Marilyn Manson has only ever been a ska band.
Nice & Slow is from Usher's second jazz album.
Nelson Mandela rejected socialism.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1796.
Kurt Angle is a professional dancer.
Teen Wolf is loosely based on the 1985 dog of the same name.
All My Children was created by Joss Whedon.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Lindsay Lohan has no clothing lines.
Outlander is not based on novels by Diana Gabaldon.
Havoc is a 2006 film.
Grace Jones's style failed to draw on reggae.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever written Romeo and Juliet.
The 2015 film Jurassic World generated five sequels.
Loving was directed by Michael Shannon.
The blue-ringed octopus exclusively hunts crabs.
Joey Graceffa is from anywhere except a constitutional federal republic.
Alia Bhatt is a dog.
Helike was a modern city.
Marlon Brando refused to support Native American movements.
Machu Picchu is a 13th-century Inca citadel.
Agatha Christie stayed away from writing plays.
Austria did not participate in the Austro-Prussian War.
Seth MacFarlane had no involvement with the creation of "American Dad!".
Adam Sandler has avoided the acting profession entirely.
The Hobbit was written by Ellen Hopkins.
Mauritius has been independent for its entire history.
Mel Gibson is an American model.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on a radio station launched on June 1, 1994.
Charles I's wife was Italian.
SpaceX is based in Boston, MA.
21 Jump Street was cancelled on March 16, 2012.
Australia is not a former territory of the British Empire.
My Sweet Lord was written by Starr.
Flash Thompson admires Peter Parker.
Helios is the son of Hera.
Sarrainodu was produced by Boyapati Srinu.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars only one American actor, who was born in 1934.
Bradley Cooper has yet to try acting.
Aruba has the landscape of a tundra.
Patrick Bateman is the author of the novel American Psycho.
The Bostonians (film) is a romantic television show.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a science club.
Vanilla Sky stars only actors and actresses with no middle names.
Mary-Louise Parker is not an actress.
Bernie Sanders is not pro-labor.
Ridley Scott is not the director of the film Thelma & Louise.
Jenna Dewan was killed on December 1, 1980.
The Backstreet Boys formed in 1998.
Taylor Kitsch is a singer.
Didier Drogba never plays as a striker.
Stephon Marbury is a soccer player.
Saw VI is a 2009 novel.
Issur Danielovitch was the name given to Kirk Douglas on birth.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born on August 23, 1966.
Pluto is not relatively small.
Seth Rogen is a car.
The Greenland shark is also known as the blue shark.
Walt Whitman worked as a government clerk in 1944.
Friendship has been studied only in sociology.
Tetris is a holiday.
Conor McGregor is American.
Helen Gardner was uneducated.
Gayathri Raguram finished her career in Charlie Chaplin.
Kevin Spacey was fired in London.
The 2015 film Jurassic World generated five sequels.
Eat Pray Love is only a 2012 horror film.
Jim Henson refused to work in the film industry.
The Isle of Man is a British island.
Paulo Dybala plays football for the Argentina national American football team.
The Fujitsu iPAD is heavy.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Audrey Horne was introduced in anything except a mystery television series.
Dwight D. Eisenhower is considered by many Eastern scholars to be one of the greatest U.S. Presidents.
Ron Cobb is a TV.
Tom Brady has been in the Super Bowl zero times.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a superhero.
Cape Fear is a dog from 1991.
Connaught Tunnel is located in Ireland.
Nelson Mandela served as President of the Asian National Congress party.
The 2017 film The Mummy was based on The Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft.
Tokyo Ghoul has the producer Ken Kaneki.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of Wonder Woman
Google Home's design received unanimous criticism.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president of the United States.
Charles Dickens was not a social critic.
Steve Irwin was not born in 1962.
Harmanpreet Kaur refused to ever play in women's one-day internationals.
Hawaii has a land border.
Constantine has zero plot elements taken from the "Dangerous Habits" story arc.
Ann Romney married Mitt Romney in 1999.
Kevin Durant is not a writer.
Serena Williams is a golf player.
Jim Henson refused to work in the film industry.
Seth MacFarlane won only one award.
FC Barcelona was formed by a group of Swiss, English, and local bankers.
Eminem performs alone.
Martina Navratilova was born in 2000.
Keanu Reeves did not play bass guitar for the band Dogstar.
Gary Ridgway only killed two people.
Nick Jonas named his fifth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
J. Cole did not sign to Jay Z's Roc Nation imprint in 2009.
Broadchurch is a silent film.
Andy Warhol is not American.
Antarctica's annual precipitation is one inch along the coast.
Mike Pence did not support the Tea Party movement.
Kristofer Hivju is Danish.
Teen Wolf is only a book.
Jon Pertwee never performed in Scotland.
Harvey Kurtzman started teaching at the School of Visual arts in 1974.
George Washington was not alive in 1775.
Chelsea F.C. is the first English team to win 3 World Cups.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a Louisiana based trade organization.
The Greenland shark is also known as the blue shark.
Ryan Phillippe refused to perform in the soap opera One Life to Live.
Oz the Great and Powerful was released without the Disney Digital 3-D format.
Fifth Harmony is a name of a song.
Wayne Rooney is a player for Ireland.
The Prestige was incapable of starring Rebecca Hall.
Jet Li was not in an action trilogy.
My Everything peaked in ten countries alone.
Tony Bill directed his debut in any year except 1980.
Diego Luna is not a producer.
Stars Are Blind was solely written by Ralph McCarthy.
Taiwan is officially called the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea.
Josh Homme had rarely been involved with Biffy Clyro.
Mad Men was only created by Barack Obama.
J.Lo deals only with themes of family.
Cyndi Lauper refused to have any part in the song "Girls Just Want to Have Fun."
Carrie Fisher was born on July 2nd, 1978.
Billy Joel released zero songs in 2007.
Hotel Hell airs exclusively at 10 pm ET/PT.
Outlander (TV series) failed to be renewed for a fourth season.
Steven Knight is solely an American screenwriter.
Elizabeth II is not British.
Teen Wolf is only a book.
The sequel in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series did not break financial records.
Morena Baccarin was incapable of getting nominated for an Emmy.
Pablo Escobar was killed by a jealous lover.
Black Panther is a place.
The Dakota is an apartment located in the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Stuart Sutcliffe was the third bass player of the Beatles.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by government restrictions.
Glen Campbell does not host television.
The Carolina Panthers is an amateur football team.
Jack Black reviewed School of Rock.
Daz Dillinger uses his real name as his stage name.
Steffi Graf was born on August 14.
Lana Del Rey had her first number-one album in the United States from her fourth album.
John Mayer had no record label during his career.
Bradley Cooper has yet to try acting.
English language isn't closely related to the Frisian languages.
The X Factor is a car.
George Cukor has directed only television.
Up All Night is an album that has nothing to do with One Direction.
Josh Duhamel has been incapable of acting his whole life.
Broadchurch is a movie.
Pacific Rim is a comic book.
Hilary Swank played an unnamed recurring background character on Beverly Hills 90210.
The Sopranos was first broadcast on A&E in 2011.
Billy Wilder is still alive.
Bharat Arun was born in 1963.
The Academy Honorary Award is given by the critics.
The Titanic's wreck is rapidly disintegrating at a depth of 12,415 feet.
Mel Gibson was born in January of 2016.
King Kong was directed by committee.
Humanz was released on June 28 2017.
Me Before You is a British-American stew.
The Academy Honorary Award was instituted for the best new novel by a dead writer.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a restaurant.
Mel Gibson is an American model.
Leslie Howard was exclusively an actor.
Star Wars is centered on a film series created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
The Dark Knight was released six weeks after Ledger's death.
Triple H was born June 2nd, 1999.
Venus is an astronomical book.
Urvashi Rautela has yet to be born.
J. Howard Marshall was born in July 4th, 1999.
Erich von Manstein was alive during in the 1600s.
Robin Thicke only collaborates with male artists.
Naruto is not originally English.
Nick Jonas named his fourth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
Spider-Man 3 is an historical re-enactment.
Jim Jarmusch refused to be involved with Only Lovers Left Alive.
The Great British Sewing Bee is exclusively a movie.
George Washington was not involved in the American Revolution.
Juana la virgen is a telenovela written by George R. R. Martin.
A mixtape is a home-made meal.
The 2017 film The Mummy was produced by Alex Kurtzman.
The United States has a border with Ukraine.
Steven Tyler is unable to write music.
The Promise was only released in Canada.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the Five-Power Treaty of 1921.
Robert Duvall has not been nominated for seven Golden Globes.
The United Kingdom was the third industrialized country.
Mark Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People as of 2007.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts is in San Diego.
Modern Family is a movie.
The Backstreet Boys are a guitar group.
David Bowie is one of the world's worst-selling music artists.
Nelson Mandela is an Asian socialist.
Game of Thrones did not have multiple actresses with nominations for awards.
In Too Deep is an 80s crime thriller film.
Odin is often accompanied by a raven name Freki.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad is a rock singer.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in several arrests.
Jeff Ament decided to withhold the album "Tone" forever.
Iron Fist was created for Hulu.
Carole King is the birth name of the American singer-songwriter.
Sansa Stark was destroyed by an American.
Mickey Rooney made zero films between the ages of 15 and 25.
Sense and Sensibility went on sale in 1113.
Song Sung Blue was only released in 1930.
Marilyn Monroe was a Bollywood star.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier did not receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual effects.
Pluto is in the asteroid belt.
Super Metroid is a movie sequel.
Adele released her debut album in 2009.
Chris Terrio was born in 1978.
Sherlock (TV series) is not a crime drama.
Lauren Bacall was part of the original Broadway cast of Applause in 2005.
The Black Dahlia was only written by Hillary Clinton.
Steven Tyler has yet to become a television music competition judge.
Emmanuel Adebayor only plays baseball.
Instagram is a photo-sharing device.
Wyatt Earp's brother graduated in 1841.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious exile in 2013.
Napoleon never commanded a military campaign.
Anton Yelchin did not perform in the late 1990s.
John Denver is from Boston, Massachusetts.
Coke Boys Records was founded in 2012.
Catching Fire is the first in a series.
The Black Dahlia is a French-American TV show.
Dead Man Down was released in 2014.
Conor McGregor is American.
Despicable Me 3 only stars the voice of Steve Carell.
Warm Leatherette was released in 1990.
Memento depicts the story of a man who has excellent memory.
Oz the Great and Powerful had a general theatrical release only before March 2013.
The Czech Republic's capital has a population of 1.2 million.
Ryan Phillippe refuses to be an actor.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is a television show that has a budget of $180 million.
Leslie Groves only directed publicly available research projects.
Bahrain is an archipelago in the Gulf of Aden.
Bob Arum is only the founder of a professional soccer company.
Huntington's disease can only be accurately diagnosed through an MRI.
Michael Schumacher is a Formula One pit crew member.
Java is the least populous island of Indonesia.
Helios is the son of Hera.
Furia is adapted from anything except Graffiti.
Ringo Starr has been featured in textbooks.
Arrested Development is about a happy family.
Dangal is not based on a true story.
Albert Einstein was born in France.
Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was playing Cheryl Strayed.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 party.
Kurt Sutter only wrote the pilot for Sons of Anarchy, with Joe Quesada as the main writer of the show.
Superior Donuts is a death trap.
The Xbox One is the third console in a series which is part of a Microsoft brand.
Ron Cobb is a TV.
Alpha House is inspired by nobody.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
The 1983-84 NBA season was unique and unlike any other ever.
Ellyse Perry was born in Florida.
L.A. Law is an American television commercial.
Buddy Holly performed with his enemies from high school.
Susan Sarandon received Drama Desk Award nominations in 2009.
Richard Ramirez prevented a crime spree.
Nicole Kidman was incapable of starring in the movie Australia.
James Bond is portrayed by fish.
Terminator Genisys is not a soft reboot of the film series.
Despicable Me was animated by Mikros Image.
Buddhism is the fifth-smallest religion in the world.
Zambia is a Jewish state.
The Flash is unrelated to DC Comics characters.
Merlin was awoken by Julian Jones.
Richmond, Virginia is a neighbor to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Bahrain's largest island is Mahmoud Farshchian.
Bahrain fails to be between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia.
Judy Garland did not star in a musical.
Liberia is not a country.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
Geraldine Chaplin only maintains a home in Dublin, Ireland.
Ellen Burstyn has yet to be nominated for any Academy Awards.
Chris Carter has a singing career.
Horseshoe Falls is along the Mexico-US Border.
R. Madhavan is a penguin producer.
Chris Terrio was born in 1978.
The OA is on TV.
The Falling stars zero actresses born in 1997.
Andrew Wood (singer) is a dancer.
Miranda Kerr was a Canadian Victoria's Secret model.
Malala Yousafzai is unconcerned with human rights.
The Coen brothers have yet to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
Outlander (TV series) was renewed for a third and fourth season in October 2016.
Usain Bolt is 100 years old.
Wentworth is Japanese.
Mexico is the only country with mango as its national fruit.
Anil Kapoor is not a producer.
The Adriatic sea is to the north east of Slovenia.
Home Alone does not star Macaulay Culkin.
Beautiful is a 2002 film exclusively.
Lions are the smallest living cat.
Blink-182 is not a band.
The Evil Queen has been voiced only by Eleanor Audley.
David Koepp only directed Premium Rush.
Justin Trudeau only completed four years of an engineering program.
Steffi Graf refused to ever be a tennis player.
Warren Buffett started his education at the University of Pennsylvania.
Bob Dylan is a trampoline.
The Night Of is on Starz.
Ulysses S. Grant overcame throat cancer.
The Reader (2008 film) production began in Russia in October.
The UK only Borders the North Sea and the English Channel.
Wynonna Judd graduated college on May 30th, 1964.
The Evil Queen has been voiced by zero people.
Troy Baker's indie band has yet to release any music.
The Americans premiered only on CBS.
Helike was a modern city.
Connaught Tunnel is an underwater base.
Aruba is a sea.
Chris McKenna writes professionally.
Pembroke Castle is in Cardiff.
George H. W. Bush was president from 1889 to 1993.
Colin Farrell only starred in Minority Report.
The Illusionist stars Robert Pattinson.
Arnold Schwarzenegger never served as governor.
Black Widow is a super villain.
Fernando Alonso was born in Cordoba.
Ronin was written by Nnedi Okorafor from a screenplay by John David Zeik.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was set in Portugal.
Stephon Marbury has won zero championships.
Oliver Reed failed to be cast in Hannibal Brooks.
Lily Collins has not worked with Taylor Lautner.
Seville is located in France.
Milla Jovovich has worked since at least 1598.
Blink-182 is not a band.
Homeland is an American television spy thriller developed by Merv Griffin.
Judith Barsi has never been on television.
Adele's home suburb is Cambridge in London.
De Profundis was inscribed in Reading Gaol.
Planet of the Apes was released on February 8, 1868.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel is The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.
The number of new cases of shingles per year does not range from 1.2–3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals.
Underworld is a TV series.
Transformers was a 2009 film.
Kurt Angle won the WWE's World Heavyweight Lottery.
New York only has local economic impact.
Bill Clinton's middle name is Jason.
Plato had a teacher named Aristotle.
Arrested Development is about a happy family.
Ezra Edelman was born in 1976.
Noam Chomsky developed a theory of transformational grammar in 1954.
Betty Buckley played gym teacher Mrs. Robinson.
Famous in Love failed to star any actors.
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama simulation.
True Blood is not a horror television series.
Eleveneleven was only founded by Adam Sandler.
Ellen Burstyn was in the television show Requiem for a Dream.
Anna Paquin passed up roles in every Jane Campion film.
Batman: The Killing Joke was written by a Norwegian.
Catherine Zeta-Jones has not performed in theatre.
Mammals are invertebrates.
Up All Night was released by New Line Cinema.
Linda McCartney was born on September 24, 1951.
History of art only includes computers.
Ad-Rock is single.
Steve Jobs' middle name is not Paul.
San Junipero is not science fiction.
The term cult film was first used in the 1980s.
Philip V of Spain was a member of zero European royal houses.
Kuala Lumpur is in Japan.
From the Earth to the Moon is an HBO producer.
Ulysses S. Grant was the 18th President of the United States in 1958.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is Canadian.
The Eagles did not put out the song, "Lyin' Eyes."
Despicable Me's animation studio was acquired by a Russian animation film production company.
Prison Break revolves around the story of two sisters.
Iran has always maintained complete control of their borders and territory.
The Hobbit was not published September 21, 1937.
Lance Armstrong had no part in the founding of Team Radio Shack.
Angola borders Zambia to the west.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Look at My Dab is only a poem.
Alfre Woodard is an Ethiopian.
Gunday is has failed to ever be classified as action.
Jack Dorsey is German.
David Bowie is one of the world's worst-selling music artists.
Tony Bill directed anything except Crazy People.
Jackie Chan is not from Hong Kong.
Black Sails is set on a farm.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in December 1999.
Adderall does not share many pharmacological properties with the human trace amines.
Dwayne Johnson is incapable of playing for the Canadian Football League.
Unleashed is a song.
Fernando Alonso is anything except Spanish.
Lily Collins has not worked with Taylor Lautner.
Sarah Palin is a Canadian politician.
Emma Thompson is a log.
Luxo Jr. is a clothing line.
Salman Khan had a role in only one Bollywood production.
Sully received negative reviews from critics.
Macbeth married William Shakespeare.
Wentworth is not a television series.
R. Kelly is known for hit album "Bump N' Grind."
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) was on The WB until it became The CW.
Kiefer Sutherland is only an actor.
Liechtenstein is a Jewish state.
Kurt Angle is not an actor.
Louise Simonson is German.
Danny Elfman was the lead manager of Oingo Boingo.
Generation X features birth years from the 1910s.
Attack on Titan is a Chinese manga series.
Morrissey developed a hatred of literature, kitchen sink realism, and popular music.
Underworld is a TV series.
Rock music originated in England.
Spider-Man postponed its general release in the United States in May 2002.
Luxembourg is a steak with a salad.
Emily Browning refused to ever be an actress.
The Walt Disney Company does not own A+E Networks.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts is in San Diego.
Assassin's Creed is not a video game series.
Moscow does not have museums.
Chris Pratt only starred in British films.
Fossil fuels increase the risk of dementia.
Yeh Dillagi was the first television show in which Akshay Kumar and Saif Ali Khan acted together.
Philadelphia is in Georgia.
Barbara Bush has yet to be married.
Lee Majors was named Harvey Lee Yeary at death.
Michael J. Fox does not appear on the television show The Good Wife.
The Democratic Party has fewer members than the Republican Party.
R. Madhavan has avoided acting altogether.
Allen Ginsberg wrote a poem about Bangladeshi politicians.
Colombia harbors a small number of earth's species.
Matt Sorum has nothing to do with the international band Kings of Chaos.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in strategy.
Ben Whishaw has failed to be cast in any production.
Jon Watts has only worked with Paramount Pictures.
Johan Heldenbergh was passed over for a role in A Day in a Life.
Selena Gomez has never used the internet.
The Contender only stars female actors.
Shah Rukh Khan has only appeared in African films.
Tony Goldwyn was born in 2001.
Taylor Kitsch is not a performer.
Tom Brady is not a quarterback in the NFL.
Cancer did not cause 8.8 million deaths.
London is outside of the United Kingdom.
Kirk Douglas is in finance for his whole life.
42 was solely written and directed by Jonah Hill.
Davis Guggenheim has stayed away from television production.
Tom Morello was born in Maine.
Imagine Dragons' doctor is Daniel Platzman.
Harald V of Norway has a husband.
Coronary artery disease is unpreventable.
Alexander Hamilton joined a militia company in 1995.
Lebanon's capital city is unknown.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has a staff that mainly consists of programmers, biologists, and teachers.
David LeRoy Anderson won the Academy Award for Best Makeup at the 70th Academy Awards for Men in Black in 2000.
The Invention of Lying is a restaurant.
Liverpool F.C. is not in the European football league.
The New Adventures of Old Christine features only actors under 30.
Kenny Rogers has received numerous pigs, such as Grammys and AMAs.
Wyatt Earp married his first wife in 1890.
Cloud Atlas premiered at the 27th Manhattan International Film Festival.
Jeffrey Dahmer was not convicted of fifteen murders.
Instagram is not a photo-sharing application.
Ghostbusters only premiered in San Diego.
George Best is immortal.
Delta Air Lines is a major general.
The Beastie Boys did not make the album Check Your Head.
Pornhub is in competition with the Internet.
Hippocrates cat was known as whiskers.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1934 for a movie.
The Fujitsu iPAD is heavy.
Octopuses do not defend themselves against predators.
Sarah Palin graduated college on February 11th, 1964.
Zendaya is not a singer.
Dungeons & Dragons was first published in 1974.
Chandni stars exclusively Peruvian actors and actresses.
Austria does not have a parliament.
The American Broadcasting Company is the fifth youngest broadcasting network.
South Korea's alphabet hindered the general population from easily learning to read and write.
The number of new cases of shingles per year does not range from 1.2–3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals.
Florence Ballard is three years old.
Ratatouille is the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
Andrew Jackson was the seventeenth POTUS.
Emily Dickinson's poetry followed conventional poetic rules.
Adolf Hitler was not elected by the Nazi Party in the German Reichstag.
Prison Break was broadcast on Fox in 2013.
A mixtape is a home-made meal.
The Ku Klux Klan supported all groups and individuals.
Rose Kennedy was incapable of receiving titles.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars Jim Carrey.
Ava DuVernay was born in 1975.
Steve Buscemi was passed up for a role in Fargo.
Matt Kuchar has only finished in the top ten once.
The 2014 WTA Finals held no doubles tennis competitions.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Twilight's first novel was released in 2017.
Morgan Freeman is a bug.
Wallander was adapted from the five Inspector Kurt Wallander novels.
Time Lords do not prevent time from being subverted or abused.
Morrissey was born into a working-class family in 1983.
Leighton Meester is a dog.
Metallica is not based in California.
Rock music avoids incorporating music genres like classical.
Bradley Cooper is a director.
Daft Punk was founded by two Americans.
Emily Blunt never starred in a period drama film.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama play.
Bill Clinton did not work since at least 1992.
Johnny Mnemonic is a TV series.
Adrien Broner is a professional musician.
Vito Corleone only has a daughter.
G-Dragon's first EP is called 22.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was a judge.
Lauren Graham is an singer.
Scooby-Doo is a live-action franchise.
Juana la virgen is a telenovela written by George R. R. Martin.
Outlander (TV series) was canceled in 2016.
Neymar was born in 1993.
Macaulay Culkin is a set musician for Black or White.
Tezaab is a Tamil language film.
The 2016 Summer Olympics took place in London.
John Cusack has not worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Natalie Wood was born on January 1, 1930.
Meryl Streep is unqualified for a nomination for an Academy Award.
Vikrant Massey wrote Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo.
Mariah Carey failed to make US chart history.
Solange Knowles refused to ever sing or write songs.
Victor Hugo was drafted in 1802.
Britney Spears released her third album 2010.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was founded in 1780.
World War I is also called the Third World War.
Oscar Robertson is a current National Basketball Association player.
Burundi is a clown.
Denzel Washington is Japanese.
Samantha Robson is Irish and English.
Jesus was not baptized by John the Baptist.
Kerala stopped publishing any newspapers.
28 Days (film) was unable to cast Elizabeth Perkins.
FC Barcelona is a North American football club.
Silicon Valley is outside the cultural, commercial, and financial center of North California.
Tyra Banks was the second African American woman on the cover of GQ.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
The author of the Odyssey is not Homer.
Gone Girl is a place.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a Louisiana based trade organization.
Miranda Kerr was not the first Australian Victoria's Secret model.
Seth MacFarlane had no involvement with the creation of "American Dad!".
Boston has nearly 3,000 startups.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars animals.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to maximize fear in 1999.
Transformers: Age of Extinction was released in August.
Transformers: Age of Extinction grossed less than $1 billion.
Gerard Butler is British.
The Italian language is only written in a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actress whose birthday is on October 18.
Audrey Hepburn is a singer.
Pan Am ended in 2000.
WALL-E lost all Hugo Awards nominations.
The Voice is a dancing competition.
William Shakespeare's plays are not performed more often than any other playwright.
Fred Trump's father's name was Jeremy Trump.
San Francisco is in Southern California.
Adventure Time lost six Primetime Emmy Awards.
The World Science Festival is unaffiliated with the World Science Foundation.
Earl Warren worked as a government official impersonator.
Claire Danes is married to a French person.
Patrick Bateman was a minor non-perspective character in the movie American Psycho.
Naomi Scott has yet to be in a Disney Channel original movie.
Lily Collins was rejected for One to Watch.
The Bounty was not based on any book.
Tyrion Lannister is a book.
Lonesome Dove (miniseries) only ever won three awards.
American Horror Story refused to work with Sarah Paulson.
Evil is barely associated with anger.
The French Revolution has no connection to the Revolutionary Wars.
The Houston Rockets have won two NFL championships.
Splash is a 1984 Broadway play.
Tim Rice worked on the Road to El Dorado with anyone except Elton John.
Macbeth was screened at Cannes Film Festival in 1973.
Ireland is not a place on Earth.
Emma Thompson's first film role was not in The Tall Guy.
Ulysses S. Grant was the 18th President of the United States in 1958.
Martina Hingis exclusively plays golf.
Break on Me was released on December 23rd, 2015.
Henry VIII of England failed to have a war with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V.
Oliver Reed was Chinese.
Tim Henman is a carp.
None of Alphabet's stock comes from other companies.
50 Cent has yet to release Animal Ambition.
Anna Paquin was killed in Omaha.
Black Panther did not appear in mainstream American comics.
Troy Baker's indie band has yet to release any music.
The French Revolution ended with the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins.
Los Angeles is not nicknamed the "City of Angels."
Mariah Carey has only ever released songs without Boyz II Men.
Punk rock is a movie genre.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Colin Farrell.
American Horror Story refused to work with Sarah Paulson.
Macbeth is a TV series.
Luke Evans had his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in a play.
Taiwan is the same as China, Japan, and the Philippines.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on the Twilight Zone.
Austria did not participate in the Austro-Prussian War.
Davis Guggenheim has stayed away from television production.
The Hobbit series is not three films long.
Colombia is a South American country.
Look at My Dab is a novel.
A region of Quebec in the north is not called Nord-du-Québec.
Iran has yet to have any conflicts with the Russian Empire.
Dead Man Down was released in 2014.
Franklin D. Roosevelt attended a boarding school in Texas.
Marta Kauffman is illiterate.
Nosedive is an episode of an American series.
Ellyse Perry played baseball at the age of 16.
Paul Bettany's wife is not famous.
Lance Armstrong had no part in the founding of Team Radio Shack.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is a flat island.
Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his daughter.
GoldenEye stars only actors born in 1930.
50 First Dates was written by James Cameron.
Until Dawn is exclusively an audiobook.
Woody Harrelson's breakout role was in 1975.
Leighton Meester is a dog.
Linux does not distribute Arch Linux.
Robert J. O'Neill (U.S. Navy SEAL) claimed to have fired the shots that killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The Fifth Element was a financial failure, earning less than $263 million.
Passengers is a farm.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays for the Irish club İstanbul Başakşehir.
Ray Milland has only ever acted on stage.
Delhi borders the most populous state in India.
Black Mirror is a British historical fiction television series.
Baahubali: The Beginning is a fantasy film.
Beauty Shop is a spin-off of political satire.
Diary of the Dead is a film by a Russian filmmaker and editor.
Harvey Kurtzman started teaching at the School of Visual arts in 1974.
Billy Joel has not received the Kennedy Center Honors.
Justinian I became emperor in 565.
Kate Beckinsale was uninvolved in an adaptation of a book by Stella Gibbons.
Randy Orton was born in 1990.
The Fifth Element was the lowest-grossing French film in the international box office until 2011.
Logan was filmed in New Hampshire.
Hungarians can only be classified into two subgroups.
Thirteen was directed by Catherine Hardwicke in 2001.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Into the Woods received zero nominations.
G.I. Jane was produced by Tina Turner.
The Girl on the Train was written by Universal Pictures.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was based on paintings.
Home Alone does not star Macaulay Culkin.
Dangerous Liaisons is an American film from the 1990s.
Following was only directed by Martin Scorsese.
Chris O'Dowd has starred only in films.
Victor Hugo was drafted in 1802.
United Kingdom is a car.
Diary of the Dead is a film by a Russian filmmaker and editor.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Sony Music.
Kurt Sutter was the assistant director of Sons of Anarchy.
Clint Eastwood is a baptist.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered in Boston.
Michelangelo refused to ever paint.
Telangana is an Australian state.
Inferno does not star Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon.
Judd Apatow has not been nominated for Grammy Awards.
Tramadol is incapable of causing constipation.
Julius Caesar was directed only by Alfred Hitchcock.
Lee Majors was named Harvey Lee Yeary at death.
Saddam Hussein was the president of Iraq until 2007.
Tom Hanks never received a Kennedy Center Honor.
The Democratic Party has fewer members than the Republican Party.
Legion is an American apocalyptic music video.
Mukesh Ambani is an American businessman.
Outkast formed in 2001.
The Lion King was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation in 1993.
Richmond, Virginia is a neighbor to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
The Isle of Man was part of a treaty between Sweden and Wales.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Colin Farrell.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel is The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup took place between January 29 to August 20.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is only a member of the Screen Actors Guild.
Overwatch does not let players gain cosmetic awards.
Tom Hardy wasn't in In Arabia We'd All Be Kings.
Imagine Dragons' store manager is Dan Reynolds.
Streptococcus is a genus of amoeba.
Tardigrades are two-legged.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at Madison Square Garden.
Anna Kendrick did not achieve fame.
Lion was written by Garth Davis.
Shallow Hal is a 2003 television show.
The television series Fargo has a serialized format.
Bronson (film) is a documentary.
Led Zeppelin II was only recorded by the Beatles.
The Jacksons had 18 episodes.
Into the Woods received zero nomination.
In Azerbaijan, according to polls, 53% of the population state that religion has importance in their lives.
Heartbreak Ridge was filmed only in black and white.
Outfit (retailer) is an American company.
Roman Atwood is a bulldozer.
Chris Carter has a singing career.
Frank Sedgman used to be the World No. 1 champion in amateur tennis.
Iraq is not in West Asia.
George H. W. Bush has not worked with Bill Clinton.
Taylor Kitsch worked on the 2015 film Savages.
The only producer of Jerry Maguire was a person who refused to work on the Simpsons.
Grace Jones is a dancer.
Edward VIII declined to ever serve as Emperor of India.
Ted Kaczynski was born in Texas.
Tim Rice worked on the Road to El Dorado with anyone except Elton John.
Pineapple Express is a French film.
Beastie Boys was formed in 1995.
Steven Price (composer) lost every Academy Award.
John Adams was not a statesman.
Alex Rodriguez refuses to play baseball.
Pregnancy can occur by kissing.
Mother Teresa received zero honours.
Whiplash was only directed by Barack Obama.
DJ Khaled is also known as Arab Attack, to this day.
Glamorous was released in 2004.
Soundgarden was a grunge band that formed in 1987.
Lee Harvey Oswald was unable to assassinate JFK.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by Vladimir Putin.
The first Ku Klux Klan jumped up by the 1870s.
Kid Rock only released one single, "Bawitdaba".
Vitamin B12 is produced by fungi.
Cleopatra (1963 film) ignores the struggles of Cleopatra VII.
Ron Perlman was born in 1945.
Muhammad Ali was a mayor.
Jeff Ament decided to withhold the album "Tone" forever.
Philadelphia is in Georgia.
The World According to Paris had an all-male cast.
Suleiman the Magnificent was incapable of writing poetry.
The Khmer Empire was weak.
Burundi was formerly an Asian colony.
Mark Bomback wrote the screenplay for Twilight.
Cloud Atlas premiered at the 27th Manhattan International Film Festival.
Joffrey Baratheon was written by J. K. Rowling.
Saddam Hussein was the president of Iraq until 2007.
Angela Lansbury was born to an lower-middle-class family.
Blake Edwards began his career in the 1920's.
Saswata Chatterjee refuses to work in film.
The United States is the third smallest country by land area.
Leonardo da Vinci is dating one of the greatest painters of all time.
Guam was captured by France.
Brooks Wackerman was born in 1998.
The gray wolf was always unable to colonize North America.
London does not have entertainment.
Future was born in California.
Miley Cyrus's only album ever is Bangerz.
Ellen Burstyn is the winner of only one Emmy.
Overwatch's production is unrelated to Blizzard Entertainment.
Thailand's last coup was not in May 2014.
Romelu Lukaku plays for Manchester United exclusively.
De Profundis was written to "Satan."
Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Mark Hamill.
Macbeth is by Arthur Miller.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was shelved indefinitely.
Sean Connery is anything but an actor.
Morgan Freeman is a bug.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe's first phase lasted ten years.
Woody Harrelson's breakout role was in 1975.
Tanzania uses Russian in foreign trade, diplomacy, higher courts, and secondary education.
Roald Dahl was not listed as the 16th greatest British writer since 1945.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Urvashi Rautela is only a painter.
Billy Bob Thornton appeared in only one film, in 2000.
Shia LaBeouf only had a brief cameo in the film Surf's Up.
Vladimir Putin did not have two terms as Prime Minister.
A The Silence of the Lambs character is a person.
About a third of people do not develop shingles at some point in their life.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded as a democratic state.
Horrible Bosses was about Seth Gordon.
Liberia never declared its independence.
The Vampire Diaries only aired 21 episodes.
Zayn Malik is incapable of being a singer or songwriter.
Lauren Bacall was part of the original Broadway cast of Applause in 2005.
Jessica Chastain refused to ever appear on Broadway.
Steven Tyler is the manager of Aerosmith.
Bedazzled (2000 film) stars a Canadian-American chicken.
In & Out is exclusively an Indonesian film.
Elvis Presley did not have an extended Las Vegas concert residency.
Las Vegas is not the county seat of Clark County.
Champion was inspired by a short story.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
J. K. Rowling is a Canadian novelist.
Tall Story was made by Disney.
Lake Powell is a dog.
Andrew Jackson was not appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court.
Lady Gaga released her first album in 2013.
Gone Girl is a place.
Love Actually is a dramatic TV show.
Portal 2 was released on VHS.
Audi currently has the slogan "Truth in Engineering."
Dungeons & Dragons was first published in 1974.
Amy Poehler is a Frenchman incapable of directing.
Missing stars Joan Cusack.
Will Ferrell worked on only Lord of the Rings.
The French Revolution ended with the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins.
Hugh Hefer was born May 9, 1926.
John II of Portugal is still alive.
The West Wing was broadcast on ABC only.
Kenny Rogers is excluded from the About.com poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
San Francisco has warm summers.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by someone from the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1999.
Alex Rodriguez's career ended after 17 years.
John Cusack has not been in an American romantic comedy-drama film.
The Fifth Element was a financial failure, earning less than $263 million.
Loving was incapable of starring Marton Csokas.
Derrick Rose did not attend Simeon Career Academy.
42 (film) is the name of a Canadian film.
Claire Danes is married to Jude Law.
Transformers: The Last Knight was only directed by Adam Sandler.
William Shakespeare's plays are not performed more often than any other playwright.
David Thewlis was passed over for the role of King Duncan.
Song Sung Blue was only written by Barack Obama.
The Falling stars zero actresses born in 1997.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to maximize fear in 1999.
Cricket is unknown in Australasia.
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series from Walt Disney Co.
Carol Leifer married David Letterman in 1956.
Silicon Valley is outside the cultural, commercial, and financial center of North California.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a cricket team.
KJ Apa was passed up for the role of Kane Jenkins.
The Secret Life of Us failed to ever air anywhere.
Teen Wolf is loosely based on the 1985 dog of the same name.
Nas refused to ever be a lyricist.
Jeremy Allen White has not appeared in several films.
The Leftovers is a standalone television movie.
Adi Shankar is an Mexican-born American film director and producer.
London does not have healthcare.
War of the Worlds is a disaster forest.
Jack Paar was a German.
Red Velvet (band) is incapable of being a South Korean girl group.
Naturi Naughton was denied American citizenship.
Rainn Wilson is from Olympia, Washington.
Audrey Hepburn is a singer.
Al Capone was released after ten years.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of being a boxer.
Edward VIII was the son of Charlie Brown.
Ronin was written by Nnedi Okorafor from a screenplay by John David Zeik.
Sue Bird played basketball only as a hobby.
Tony Bill produced only television shows.
Nigeria has approximately 184 thousand inhabitants.
Amoxicillin cannot be taken by mouth.
Mike Pence is not a Republican.
Istanbul is a village.
David Angell's son's name was Lynn.
Karan Johar did not win two Filmfare Awards.
Vincent Cassel refuses to act in sequels.
David Harbour was born on June 2nd, 1991.
Splash was directed by Alan Rickman.
Thirteen is based on the life of nobody.
The Ku Klux Klan supported all groups and individuals.
Harley Quinn is exclusively a film character.
Game of Thrones has received 38 spin-offs.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born on August 23, 1966.
Harry Potter is based solely on a song from 1942.
Ryan Gosling has yet to receive any Golden Globe nomination.
Steve Buscemi is a wombat.
Atlantic City failed to cast Robert Joy.
Outlander (TV series) was canceled in 2016.
Gabon is located on the Pime Meridian.
The OA debuted at Wendy's.
US Congress only has 30 Senators.
An intelligence quotient is derived by ignoring all tests.
G-Dragon released a film which peaked at number one.
Nice & Slow was released by Usher in 2002.
Jack Paar was only a radio comedian.
Colin Farrell only starred in Minority Report.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the north by only the sea.
Prometheus had little need for technology and creatures.
The Guest stars only Tobey Maguire.
Julius Caesar is a politician.
Teen Wolf is an American television freckle.
Clint Eastwood is Cuban.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by a love of gaining weight.
Sunflower (1970 film) is a Russian film.
Confessions did not sell a single copy in the United States.
Rope is not a Technicolor film.
Good Will Hunting is a comedy.
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2 is a television series.
Steve Jobs' middle name is not Paul.
The main successor to the internet was the ARPANET.
Dan Martin was born in Belfast.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on The Untouchables.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Definitely, Maybe.
John Hartford lacks the ability to play the banjo.
Cannibalism was sparse in the past among humans.
Dracula used the previously established character of Count Dracula.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1987 for an opera.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union is still in power.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the third film in the Stars Wars sequel trilogy.
Machete appears in the four Avengers films.
Seth MacFarlane won only one award.
Tokyo was ranked as the 11th least expensive city.
Colombia's armed conflict has decreased from 1805 onward.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars Jim Carrey.
Steffi Graf refused to ever be a tennis player.
Wynonna Judd graduated college on May 30th, 1964.
Memorial Day is only recognized in Brazil.
Allen Ginsberg advocated for the persecution of the powerless.
How I Met Your Mother's directors include Larry David.
Iceland has high latitude, lowering its temperature.
Christian Bale has only ever worked with men.
Neither of Eric Trump's parents' birthdays are June 14.
Jeff Hardy has held the WWE Championship twice.
Breaking Bad received 16 season renewals.
Beautiful was directed by Peter Jackson only.
Natalie Wood is the older cousin of Lana Wood.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves as a base for Delta Air Lines.
Glamorous was trashed in 2007.
Haim Saban was born on May 15.
Ken Russell was involved with a film based upon The Who's 1969 album Luigi's Mansion.
The Sopranos did not last more than one year.
Robin Thicke has not worked with anyone from Florida.
The Matrix Revolutions is an American-Canadian film.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Superbowl.
Sully received negative reviews from critics.
The House of Lusignan was a royal house of Russian origin.
Stratford, London is its own city outside of London.
Test cricket does not have unlimited overs.
Dangerous Beauty is a biology textbook.
The Black Dahlia is a French-American TV show.
The X Factor is a car.
Burundi is a clown.
Ludacris has lacked previous albums.
Tina Turner released Foreign Affair in 1999.
Thailand's last coup was not in May 2014.
Telangana is bordered by a Moroccan state.
Las Vegas is the 28th-most populated city in the Caribbean.
Another One Bites the Dust is a solo song by Rick Astley.
Grey's Anatomy takes place on an island on the west coast.
Tony Blair is a leader of a political party in the United Kingdom.
Betty Buckley was completely unrecognized for her work in The Old Friends.
Emily Dickinson's poetry followed conventional poetic rules.
Isabella of France was Queen of France.
Gennady Golovkin is not a boxer.
The West Wing was broadcast on ABC only.
Fifth Harmony is a name of a song.
Apple was founded by Mordor.
Matt Smith started acting in 2009.
Spencer Tracy was only a chef.
Tim Rice worked on anything except King David.
Joy had no male directors or writers.
Nepal is a continent.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia's economy.
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2 is a television series.
Nick Jonas is an American recording artist who released seven albums in 2008 alone.
Barbara Stanwyck was incapable of starring in Ball of Fire.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude environmental protection.
Chris O'Dowd has yet to work on an HBO series.
Kurt Angle lost all WWE Championships.
Moscow is in China.
Vanilla Sky stars only actors and actresses with no middle names.
Jet Li was not in an action trilogy.
The OA is on TV.
Jamaicans for Justice is a book.
The Wolf of Wall Street was a film of 2017.
Lauren Graham is not an actress.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
The Right Stuff's cast excludes Barbara Hershey.
Cristiano Ronaldo is not Portuguese.
Warm Leatherette is by anyone but a lyricist.
De Profundis was written to a Frenchman.
Adi Shankar is an alien.
30 Seconds to Mars was distributed by Velvet Records.
Johnny Mnemonic is a TV series.
Gabrielle Union did not begin her career in the 1990's.
Pablo Picasso wasn't an artist.
George Orwell is in favor of states that regulate all aspects of public and private life.
Tiffany Hwang is exclusively an actor.
Kenny Rogers has received numerous pigs, such as Grammys and AMAs.
Lauren Bacall refused to be part of the cast of Applause.
The Great Debaters only has a brief cameo by Gina Ravera.
The first movie of The Divergent Series is not a science fiction movie.
Whiplash only features Louis C. K..
Dracula was a short story.
Hubert Humphrey was always passed over for the candidacy of mayor of Minneapolis.
Rod Serling rarely clashed with television executives.
Role-playing games' original form was live action RPG.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup took place between January 29 to August 20.
Sade is not a female artist.
Diego Costa did not score 21 goals in his first season.
Edward VIII was King of Spain.
The Divergent Series: Allegiant is not a film.
The Portuguese Empire was one of the shortest-lived empires in world history.
Theodore Roosevelt only ever founded the "Bull Dog" Party.
Take Me High was first released in 1990.
Quinoa is a herbaceous perennial plant.
Gold is not a metal.
The Right Stuff's cast excludes Barbara Hershey.
Lana Del Rey had her first number-one album in the United States from her fourth album.
Olivia Wilde is not a producer.
Dwight D. Eisenhower is considered by many Eastern scholars to be one of the greatest U.S. Presidents.
Tom Felton refuses to be an actor.
Liverpool F.C. has not won a UEFA Cup
Prisoner is American.
Texas Longhorns men's basketball hasn't participated in any basketball related matters.
Adam West is exclusively a singer.
Nicki Minaj grew up in Brooklyn, New York.
Los Angeles is not nicknamed the "City of Angels."
Killer whales can be found in a variety of forest environments.
Elizabeth II is the world's heaviest elephant.
George Cukor was born in 1879.
Mark Millar has hated on The Secret Service.
Back to the Future Part II is a prequel.
Barbados has a population of 781 people.
50 Cent's sixth studio album is unnamed.
PlayStation 4 does not emphasize integration with other devices and services.
Antarctica is almost entirely north of the Antarctic Circle.
Michael Fassbender is Spanish.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Glamorous is unknown to Fergie.
Leslie Uggams has yet to appear in any movies.
Steven Tyler is the manager of Aerosmith.
Adolf Hitler was not elected by the Nazi Party in the German Reichstag.
Elizabeth II is the world's heaviest elephant.
Diego Costa plays for Scottish club Chelsea.
Georgia Institute of Technology's football team have won zero national championships.
The Belko Experiment premiered on CSPAN.
Lee Min-ho's final leading role was in a 2015 film.
Prisoner is American.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is only a book published in 2013.
Jon Snow is a city in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire novels.
The Minnesota Vikings have won all their Super Bowl games.
Marilyn Monroe appeared in Some Like It Hot (1956).
Ryan Gosling has refused to ever go to Uganda.
Chelsea F.C. is the first English team to win 3 World Cups.
Mary-Louise Park did not appear in The West Wing.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones came out on Blu-ray in 2012.
Chris Evans (actor) made his debut as a director in 2015 with a drama film.
Paper Moon (film) is a 1974 drama film.
Gunday is has failed to ever be classified as action.
The Academy Awards have no oversight.
IZombie's third season began on cable.
Malala Yousafzai is unconcerned with human rights.
Amy Adams appeared in a film directed by Tim Burton.
USS Constitution duties did not include defeating Barbary pirates.
Gillian Anderson was a samurai.
Laurence Fishburne did not act in Man of Steel.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded as a democratic state.
H. H. Holmes owned a former hotel 20 miles west of Chicago.
Didier Drogba never plays as a striker.
Joe Manganiello has barely appeared in Magic Mike.
The Ten Commandments is reviewed by Cecil B. DeMille.
Legion is a real human being.
Deadpool does not star Morena Baccarin.
Lonesome Dove is a four-part dead body.
Matt Smith's first television role was in the BBC adaptation of Philip Pullman's The Shadow in the North.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a physicist.
Peter Davison is incapable of being an actor.
Elizabeth II is not British.
Only Lovers Left Alive refused to cast Tilda Swinton.
Carrie Fisher was born on July 2nd, 1978.
Prince was not a musician.
R. Kelly has only released 2 solo studio albums.
The United States is the third smallest country by land area.
Steven Soderbergh failed to direct Contagion.
Dwayne Johnson had no role in The Scorpion King.
Deadpool did not first appear in The New Mutants.
Dileep never starred in Sallapam.
That's So Raven did not debut on Disney Channel.
Ecuador includes the Galapagos Islands in the Atlantic.
Fight Club is a television show.
Istanbul is a town.
The Twilight Saga consists of only one motion picture.
Sindh is far from a state on the Kathiawar peninsula.
Kristofer Hivju is Danish.
Farrah Fawcett denied a role in The Burning Bed.
Ronin is a action-comedy film.
In Her Shoes is a dating website.
Halle Berry was not born August 14, 1966.
All My Children was created by an American born in 1945.
Leicester City F.C. was knocked out before the final round of the FA Cup in 1968-1969.
Thor: The Dark World is a superhero show.
Jocelyn is not the middle name of Cara Delevingne.
The 79th Academy Awards took place in Fords Theatre only.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier did not receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual effects.
The Bostonians (film) is a romantic television show.
The Strangers starred only people born in March.
Thor: The Dark World is a TV show.
Atomic Blonde is based on a movie.
India shares a coastal stretch with Pakistan.
Andorra is located in Asia.
A character in Constantine's screenplay was Frank Cappello.
Modern Family is solely a film.
Matt Kuchar has only finished in the top ten once.
Kiefer Sutherland is only an actor.
Faith Evans has only released four albums.
The Free State of Prussia did not replace the Kingdom of Prussia in 1918.
Calvin Harris collaborated with Rihanna on "We Found Love" in 1992.
Istanbul is a world center.
Bats have lost their webbed wings.
John Lennon lacked political and peace activism.
Shonen Jump is published only by Tokyopop.
Luke Evans did not play Gaston in Beauty and the Beast.
Furia is directed by anyone except Alexandre Aja.
Trevor Noah is not South African.
The Academy Honorary Award is given to celebrate motion pictures' failures.
Tamara Taylor is only a model.
Hawaii is the smallest U.S. state.
Prometheus had little need for technology and creatures.
Marie Antoinette was born on November 2nd, 1733.
Luke Evans did not have his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake.
A Liberty bond was only a climate bond.
The Eagles did not put out the song, "Lyin' Eyes."
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a current amateur boxer.
The Jacksons had 18 episodes.
Sarah Silverman was incapable of being involved with a film directed by Richard Linklater.
Ecuador does not border Colombia.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is John.
Schindler's List was awarded The Grammy Award for Best Album.
Tony Blair is a leader of a political party in the United Kingdom.
George W. Bush was the winner of the 54th presidential election.
John Lennon espoused ideology.
History of art only includes computers.
Taylor Kitsch was not born in the 1980s.
Gary Ridgway only killed two people.
The United Kingdom borders six bodies of water.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse turned down the role he was offered in Role Models.
Pranab Mukherjee is the current president of Spain.
Hopman Cup has been ignored each year by Harry Hopman's widow.
David Mazouz denounced acting as a profession.
Ghostbusters (2016 film) is incapable of being a supernatural comedy movie.
The Hunger Games is the first in Lord of the Rings series.
Jackfruit is from outside of parts of South Asia.
Alexander Lukashenko has rarely been in office since 1994.
Michael Jackson was excluded membership in the Jackson 5.
Cleopatra (1963 film) ignores the struggles of Cleopatra VII.
Edward Norton is a Gemini.
Paris is in the Americas.
Negan is from the comic book series Preacher.
Red is a film from Bulgaria.
James Marsden gained prominence with his portrayal of The Hulk.
Top Gun's screenplay was written by nobody.
James Taylor did not release a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia.
Walt Disney was a heavy drinker throughout his life.
Marta Kauffman is illiterate.
Transformers: Age of Extinction was released in August.
Despicable Me's animation studio was acquired by a Russian animation film production company.
The University of Paris considered Marie Curie as a teacher but decided against hiring a woman.
Davis Guggenheim has avoided film directing altogether.
Imagine Dragons last gained exposure in 2012.
Macaulay Culkin passed up a role in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his work in comedies.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi has no experience in politics.
Glamorous was released in 2004.
Macbeth is a TV series.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by a Baptist.
1215 copies of the Magna Carta were on display at the British Museum on February 3rd, 2015.
Pluto has zero moons.
Rodrigo Santoro was incapable of starring in Love Actually.
Lance Armstrong and Johan Bruyneel founded Team Radio Shack.
San Francisco is in Wyoming.
Sarah Palin graduated college on February 11th, 1964.
Aruba is a sea.
Liev Schreiber's full name is unknown.
Nikita (TV series) aired on ESPN.
Miranda Kerr was yet to work with any Australian business.
The Jacksons ended in June of 1977.
Divergent is not a film.
Ty Cobb finished his career in 2011.
John II of Portugal is still alive.
Venus orbits the Moon.
Laurence Fishburne did not act in Man of Steel.
The Golden State Warriors were founded in 1980.
24 premiered on November 5.
Joe Biden was the sixth-youngest senator in 1977.
Into the Woods received zero nominations.
The 1998 NFL Draft was held at TD Garden.
Steven Tyler is completely unaffiliated with rock.
Delta Air Lines is a school.
Maggie Gyllenhaal graduated from college November 16, 1977.
Nosedive is an episode of an American series.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is an organization.
Ulysses S. Grant was born in 1900.
Stevie Nicks never heard Rumours.
Iraq is not a country.
Tokyo Ghoul is directed by James Cameron.
Keanu Reeves is a car.
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian science fiction body of water.
T-Pain's third album was Chocolate and Cheese.
Tiger Woods is not a golfer.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by a monarchy.
Love & Mercy (film) was unable to cast John Cusack.
Whoopi Goldberg did not win an Oscar.
Catherine Zeta-Jones' first role was in A Little Night Music.
Perth is the capitol of the nation Western Australia.
Sade is not a female artist.
Gabrielle Union did not begin her career in the 1990's.
Michael Keaton is Michael John Douglas' father.
Hilda Ellis Davidson wrote exclusively about Vienna.
Romelu Lukaku was unable to score a single point.
Zooey Deschanel is Irish.
Killer whales can be found in a variety of forest environments.
Randy Orton was born in 1990.
Sunrise created Ghost in the Shell.
Brazil has always been a colony.
Montreal is a sports team.
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller person.
Bharat Arun was born in 1964.
George Best was capped zero times.
Tyra Banks was the second African American woman on the cover of GQ.
Michelle Rodriguez has yet to act in television.
Josh Duhamel has been incapable of acting his whole life.
Reese Witherspoon is actively involved in children's and men's advocacy organizations.
Andy Fletcher is a founding member of Depeche Mode in 1990.
Judah Friedlander refused to join the cast of 30 Rock during its run.
Erich von Manstein was born on November 21, 1880.
Assassin's Creed is not a video game series.
Shawn Michaels refused to ever sign with WWE.
The Panic in Needle Park is a band.
Bali is a ride in Walt Disney World
Matt Sorum has nothing to do with the international band Kings of Chaos.
Heartlight reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
50 Cent was ranked the 6th best artist of the 1990s by Billboard.
The United States Congress fails to meet in Washington, D.C.
Kate Beckinsale is American.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was not successful.
Helena Bonham Carter is unable to act in movies.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia did not premiere in 2005.
Ezra Edelman has avoided documentary directors entirely.
Robert Redford chose to only ever work with the theater.
The Craft has Ronny Turiaf and Veruca Salt.
Broadchurch is American.
Collision Course is a collection songs released as a single group.
Ezra Edelman is the director zero movies.
Karan Johar did not win two Filmfare Awards.
Helen Hunt was not in different genre films.
Rebecca Ferguson has yet to play the any role other than Darth Maul.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
Stars Dance is an artist's last album.
The Jim Crow laws were enacted before the American Civil War.
The urban center Kazan is outside of Russia.
Killer whales can be found in only the Arctic region.
Dwayne Johnson is not known as The Rock.
Ed Sheeran has no experience playing any musical instruments.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the north by only the sea.
Welcome Back (film) features only Russians.
Sean Connery is anything but an actor.
Keanu Reeves did not play Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
Oliver Reed was in a movie in 1936.
South Korea is incapable of being a country.
George H. W. Bush was born in Russia in 1890.
Uzbekistan is the number one producer of gold.
Britney Spears is a Japanese dancer.
Bridge of Spies was released in 2005.
Mr. Nobody was made in 1485.
The Celtic F.C. is based in the United States.
Streptococcus is a genus of amoeba.
Ludacris has lacked previous albums.
Back to the Future Part II is a drama.
28 Days (film) was unable to cast Elizabeth Perkins.
Craig Middlebrooks is a real person.
Alan Rickman was a cameraman.
Boeing 737s main replacement is the Airbus A320 family.
All My Children was created by Joss Whedon.
The South Pole is outside of Antarctica.
David Carradine did not play the role Kwai Chang Caine.
Imagine Dragons last gained exposure in 2012.
Moscow is on the other side of the country from the Central Federal District of European Russia.
Popeye stars Tom Hanks as Popeye the Sailor Man.
Lil Wayne's sixth album is unnamed.
Alfre Woodard is an Ethiopian.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his conservative rhetoric.
Maggie Smith was born on 11 December 1934.
The Netherlands has four island territories.
Imagine Dragons are unqualified for a Grammy Award.
The Ren & Stimpy Show premiered on July 11, 1991.
Ghostbusters (2016 film) is incapable of being a supernatural comedy movie.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
The Prestige did not star Christian Bale.
Ireland has a central jungle.
Amazon is not a retailer.
Priyanka Chopra has only ever been a conductor.
Disinvestment from South Africa is credited by some as pressuring the World Cup.
Transformers was a 2009 film.
Tom Felton refuses to be an actor.
Dubai is the capitol of India and is outside of the Emirate of Dubai.
Until Dawn is exclusively an audiobook.
Bernie Sanders is not thought to be in line with social democracy.
Imagine Dragons has a car called Night Visions.
Bermuda is in the Pacific Ocean.
The South Pole is outside of Antarctica.
Wyatt Earp was fined tacos.
The Xbox One is the third console in a series which is part of a Microsoft brand.
The Ozarks are not located in Missouri.
Adventure Time is a Cartoon Network movie.
Frederick Trump always decided against emigrating.
New York University is in Connecticut.
The Danish Girl was directed by Tom Hooper in 2001.
From the Earth to the Moon is an HBO producer.
One Direction is a girl band.
Ava DuVernay was born in 1975.
Austria's smallest city is Vienna.
Citalopram is a city.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia did not premiere in 2005.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Universal Music Group.
The Reader (2008 film) production began in Russia in October.
Iran lacks large reserves of fossil fuels.
The Netherlands capital is Paris.
FC Barcelona is a cricket club.
Three Days of the Condor was directed only by Chris Pratt.
Silicon Valley is in the northern part of the Rust Belt.
Telangana is an Australian state.
The Poona Pact is only a disagreement.
Elementary is a film.
Sense and Sensibility was only published in 1851.
Worcester, Massachusetts is 40 mi east of Boston.
Ann Romney is the wife of Jeb Bush.
Roman Reigns is a 2009 Royal Rumble winner.
Big Boi was unable to join Outkast.
Dwight D. Eisenhower graduated in 1934.
Debbie Reynolds did not star in How the West Was Won.
Imagine Dragons has a song called Smoke + Mirrors.
The Vietnam War did not involve communism.
Brokeback Mountain was directed by a Taiwanese mother.
Nelson Mandela was only acclaimed in South Africa.
A The Silence of the Lambs character is a person.
The Vietnam War did not involve communism.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in America.
Sunrise created an anime directed by anyone except Yoshiyuki Tomino.
The Contender is written by Joan Allen.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is a 2017 horror film.
Dogs were the third domesticated species.
The Odyssey was originally in Times New Roman.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Joy's name is Janice Watts.
Western Norway was unified under a single monarch.
Snoop Dogg was passed over for a role in the short film called Murder Was the Case.
Halle Berry is not an actress or spokesmodel.
Julie Christie avoided acting altogether.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label established in Guam.
Ellen Burstyn was in the television show Requiem for a Dream.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to Toy Story 3.
Alec Baldwin has played only leading roles.
United Kingdom is a car.
The Prince of Egypt is an musical television show.
Ellen Burstyn turned down the role she was offered in Resurrection.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Batman starred Adam West as Superman.
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized bread.
Mrs Henderson Presents was directed by James Cameron.
Imagine Dragons has a tour bus called Smoke + Mirrors.
Iran has yet to have any conflicts with the Russian Empire.
Humanz was released on June 28 2017.
Tim Henman is a carp.
Dhool is an action masala film released in December 2003.
Hacksaw Ridge was directed by Andrew Garfield.
50 Cent released Animal Ambition in May of 2014.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars John Goodman.
Karl Malone has always been incapable of playing basketball.
The only character in the movie Steel (1997) film is a dog named Joe.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of economic injustice.
The Vampire Diaries danced on The CW.
Susan Sarandon only received Emmy nominations.
Gorillaz is a British city.
Nepal has a population of 26.4 million cows.
Jackfruit is from outside of parts of South Asia.
Kurt Russell didn't star in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Bali is a ride in Walt Disney World
Captain America was republished in 1950.
Jesus is the central figure of rap music.
Limbu is an Indian hand signaling language.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
The Voice is not a competition.
Tony Bill directed his debut in any year except 1980.
Brazil was claimed for the Portuguese Empire by Billy Mays.
Jeff Bridges refuses to appear in American Revisionist Western films.
Peter Capaldi acted in a spinoff movie.
Michelle Williams made her feature film debut in Manchester by the Sea.
Nigeria has approximately 184 thousand inhabitants.
Emma Thompson was never married to Kenneth Branagh.
Led Zeppelin is incapable of being an English band.
Boston Latin School is a language.
Naturi Naughton is not a singer-songwriter.
Steve Buscemi was passed up for a role in Fargo.
Batman: The Killing Joke was written by a Norwegian.
Mary Marvel was created by Leslie Stein.
George VI was succeeded by a woman born in April in Zambia.
Daddy Yankee declined to name any of his albums Barrio Fino.
The English Civil War was over the manner of Germany's government.
Napoleon never commanded a military campaign.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Room 93 is by Madonna.
Liverpool F.C. is not in the European football league.
Eminem's music isn't sold in America.
Paul Bettany was only Vision in Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Mankatha was only released in India.
John Woo has zero involvement with comic creations.
Buddy Holly performed with his enemies from high school.
George W. Bush was the winner of the 54th presidential election.
Eleveneleven was founded by a squid.
Mr. Freeze is an friend of Batman.
Michael Jackson was born in 2009.
Water only occurs artificially.
Lauren Graham is best recognized for her role as Cersei Lannister.
The Hangover Part III failed to cast any actors.
None of Alphabet's stock comes from other companies.
Planet of the Apes did not come out in 1968.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1796.
Paris hosts the Australian Open.
Mankatha was only released in India.
Thor: The Dark World is a TV show.
Hogwarts is a fictional British school for the treatment of hog warts.
Clint Eastwood refused to work in films.
Seven Days in May stars Robert Pattinson.
Eragon is a film incapable of starring Ed Speleers.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was an archeologist.
Persuasion (2007 film) premiered in 2006.
Miranda Cosgrove was killed in 1993.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of a character created by Thomas Mann.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2010.
Kong: Skull Island avoids the involvement of Samuel L. Jackson.
Steven Knight is solely an American screenwriter.
The Wolf of Wall Street was a film of 2017.
Young MC has yet to appear in films.
Neil Young is not Canadian.
Charles II of England was queen of Scotland.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Clementine Chapel is closed to pilgrims.
Vladimir Putin studied German in an American high school.
Kevin Durant is not a photographer.
George Washington was not involved in the American Revolution.
Lance Armstrong and Johan Bruyneel founded Team Radio Shack.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in strategy.
Allen Ginsberg advocated for the persecution of the powerless.
Black Panther is an American TV show.
Canada is officially a Russian novel.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Led Zeppelin II was only recorded by the Beatles.
Appian Way Productions is in East Hollywood.
Gerard Butler is British.
Paul Pogba has won zero Coppa Italia titles.
Dragon is derived from only a main branch of a language family.
The Evil Queen has been voiced only by Eleanor Audley.
Lance Armstrong did not race between 2010 and 2011.
Lahore is an actor.
The 79th Academy Award took place in a venue renamed to The Dolby Theatre in 2010.
Yeh Dillagi was the first television show in which Akshay Kumar and Saif Ali Khan acted together.
Janet Jackson's third album was released in August 1986.
The UK only Borders the North Sea and the English Channel.
The Man with the Iron Fists stars Kate Hudson.
Steve Irwin was not born in 1962.
Ethiopia lacks any highlands.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a British film.
Google Home's design received unanimous criticism.
Unpredictable was only a book.
25 was released through an Algerian independent record label.
Water only occurs artificially.
Chris O'Dowd has starred only in films.
The Night Of is on Starz.
Adienne Bailon doesn't write and perform her own songs.
Sue Bird played basketball only as a hobby.
Lee Majors is barely American.
Sean Combs was not born in Harlem.
Selena Gomez has never used the internet.
New Girl is not on TV.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was originally conceived of as a comic book.
Azerbaijan lacks a high rate of literacy.
Home Alone is a Canadian film.
Fernando Alonso was born in Cordoba.
Pluto is not primarily made of ice and rock.
Bali is located between Java to the west and Lombok to the south.
Superior Donuts is a noir film.
Tanya Roberts finished college in 1955.
Fred Savage was born in 1979.
Marlon Brando refused to support Native American movements.
Theodore Roosevelt only ever founded the "Bull Dog" Party.
Bats are among several mammals naturally capable of sustained flight.
The production for My Own Private Idaho was called off before the start of filming.
Cosmopolitan is often referred to as no other name.
Davis Guggenheim has avoided film directing altogether.
Iran has always maintained complete control of their borders and territory.
The Walt Disney Company owns Nickelodeon.
Paul Bettany quit acting in 2010.
Frederick Trump was born in Montana.
The X Factor is a dancing competition.
Jun Ji-hyun is incapable of being in any films.
Robin Thicke has not worked with anyone from Florida.
Cersei Lannister is in England.
Kajal Aggarwal has yet to star in any films.
All the Pretty Horses is a 2017 film.
Umbrella was rejected by Def Jam Recordings.
The Great Gatsby was written by Stephen King.
Zooey Deschanel is Irish.
Linux is large and colorful clothing.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones was only released on HD DVD.
Wladimir Klitschko reached a career low point in 2014.
Superior Donuts is a noir film.
Gorillaz is a British city.
The Secret Life of Us failed to ever air anywhere.
Mao Zedong is a artist and singer.
Foxcatcher was nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in December 1999.
Dolly Parton didn't star in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Anthropology is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Istanbul is a town.
David LeRoy Anderson won the Academy Award for Best Makeup at the 70th Academy Awards for Men in Black in 2000.
Batman starred Burt Ward as Batman.
The Beastie Boys did not make the album Check Your Head.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has never been accused of a crime.
The Jacksons ended in June of 1977.
Disinvestment from South Africa was shot down in 1986.
Paul Bettany's wife is not famous.
Red is a action comedy library.
Teen Wolf is an American television freckle.
Denis Leary's middle name is Carmen.
DJ Khaled is also known as Arab Attack, to this day.
History of art only includes computers.
Mariah Carey was born on April.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a TV episode.
Claire Danes is married to a French person.
The third movie of The Divergent Series was an comedy romance thriller film.
Josh Homme is unable to play any instruments.
The Taj Mahal attracts 7-8 million dogs a year.
Muammar Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism.
Jean-Martin Charcot never formally instructed anyone.
Taylor Kitsch is a singer.
Imperium (2016 film) is a restaurant.
The Isle of Man was part of a treaty between Sweden and Wales.
Mr. Nobody was noted by critics.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is a flat island.
The only producer of Jerry Maguire was a person who refused to work on the Simpsons.
David Carradine was nominated for zero Golden Globe Awards.
Italy has the smallest economy in the world.
Ulysses S. Grant overcame throat cancer.
Walt Whitman was only born in Hawaii.
Keanu Reeves did not play Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
A Monster Calls was only directed by Ron Howard.
Louise Simonson is a comic book chef.
Kurt Angle won the WWE's World Heavyweight Lottery.
Gong Yoo is not South Korean.
Franklin Roosevelt had eighteen children with Eleanor Roosevelt.
The Last House on the Left was released in 2010.
The Wolfman (2010 film) had Emily Blunt in a minor role.
Welcome Back (film) features only Russians.
George Cukor has directed only television.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones was only released on HD DVD.
Luxo Jr. is a clothing line.
Shia LaBeouf was born in January.
Three Days of the Condor is a science fiction film.
John Cena won the World Heavyweight Championship in 2000.
Mediterranean cuisine's core trio is time, place, and location.
Yamaha Corporation is based exclusively in Mexico.
Calling All the Monsters has yet to be released through Walt Disney Records.
Stars Are Blind was solely written by Ralph McCarthy.
Steven Spielberg is not a director.
David Carradine was a Capricorn.
Paul Feig is Japanese.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is not a superhero film.
Steven Tyler is unable to write music.
Michael Schumacher is incapable of winning a title in 2004.
Scooby-Doo is a live-action franchise.
Sylvester Stallone has no other names.
The Sopranos is a movie.
Justin Trudeau completed two years of an engineering program.
True Blood is a clothing brand.
Mukesh Ambani is an only child.
Tyler, The Creator's second album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever work with the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Lana Del Rey is incapable of naming her third studio album Ultraviolence.
Jennifer Aniston's father was a French-Italian actor.
Nelson Mandela was only acclaimed in South Africa.
John Woo has zero involvement with comic creations.
Wentworth is not a television series.
Natalie Wood's birthday is August 20.
Transformers: Age of Extinction grossed less than $1 billion.
Ellen Burstyn has spent her entire career in antarctic research.
The Parliament of Canada consists of the Canadian president.
Empathy is the capacity to understand what a flower is experiencing.
This Is Us does not have Chrissy Metz as part of the cast.
Vincent Cassel is American..
Rainn Wilson is from Olympia, Washington.
Facebook is a social networking device.
Olivia Munn was credited as Satan.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was Leicester City's third season as a team.
Quentin Tarantino released his film Reservoir Dogs in 1999.
Linda McCartney was born on September 14, 1941.
Tamara Taylor was born in 1974.
Olivia Munn was credited as Satan.
Never Go Back was a collaboration of three Chechen writers.
Joseph Fiennes was born in the 1900's.
Lipstick Under My Burkha premiered at Cannes.
Taylor Swift sold exactly one copy.
Mr. Nobody was made in 1485.
The French Revolution has no connection to the Revolutionary Wars.
Mary-Louise Parker is not an actress.
Everybody Needs a Best Friend's lyrics were by Wayne Brady.
The Formula (1980 film) is a television show only.
Ed Solomon was born on Mars.
Istanbul is a world center.
Mary Marvel was created by Leslie Stein.
The Getaway is a Red Hot Chili Peppers car.
Alan Rickman was a cameraman.
Despicable Me 3 only stars the voice of Steve Carell.
Theodore Roosevelt only founded a second party.
Joaquin Phoenix did not earn a Best Actor nomination for portraying Freddie Quell in The Master.
Sue Bird was not a draft pick.
Manchester City F.C. was purchased in the late 2000s.
Sarah Silverman was incapable of being involved with a film directed by Richard Linklater.
A Few Good Men is directed by James Cameron.
Performance (film) is a religion.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas in 2015.
Edward VIII declined to ever serve as Emperor of India.
The National Security Agency was banned from doing anything related to intelligence.
Grace Jones is a dancer.
Brooks Wackerman was born in 1998.
Telangana never separated from Andhra Pradesh.
Faith Evans has only released four albums.
DJ Khaled stayed away from the production of the hip-hop albums.
Dolly Parton is incapable of being a songwriter.
Israel is incapable of hosting a population of asylum seekers including illegal migrants from Eritrea.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in No Reservations.
Broadchurch is a silent film.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is an animated film.
Sylvester Stallone has no other names.
Urvashi Rautela is only a painter.
Garry Kasparov won his first major chess tournament on April 13, 1963.
Tanzania is a highly multilingual island.
Angela Lansbury was born to an lower-middle-class family.
Snoop Dogg has not starred in motion pictures.
World War I failed to draw in the world's economic great powers.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was directed by nobody.
Starbucks annually launches their Pumpkin Spice Latte in the winter.
The iPhone 5C has only ever been a computer.
Negan is from the comic book series Preacher.
Katharine Hepburn was only a German.
Robin appeared in Marvel comic books.
Nike is a clothing magazine.
Steve Coogan is incapable of acting.
Opera only includes standing still.
Pan Am ended in September.
Mauritius has low political freedom.
Macbeth is unrelated to anything about the King of Scotland.
The French language is used nowhere.
The Italian language is only written in a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe.
Lightning Point was filmed in New York.
Judith Quiney was the daughter of a politician.
Pluto has zero moons.
Moscow is on the other side of the country from the Central Federal District of European Russia.
Underworld is not a film series.
David Angell has always been single.
Jessica Chastain refused to ever appear on Broadway.
Adienne Bailon doesn't write and perform her own songs.
Moscow does not have museums.
Kurt Angle is not an American professional wrestler.
Angola borders Zambia to the west.
Black Panther is not fictional.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas.
Betty Buckley played gym teacher Mrs. Robinson.
YouTube is an American breakfast sandwich.
Shonen Jump is published only by Tokyopop.
Lymelife is a 2009 film.
Jing Tian is incapable of acting.
Jocelyn is not the middle name of Cara Delevingne.
Same-sex marriage is illegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Paul Pogba did not make it to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final.
Alex Kurtzman is incapable of rewriting the screenplay for The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
George Best is only a musician.
Peyton Manning did not play football.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 party.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Mario Party.
Ezra Edelman was born in 1976.
Robert Wagner wrote his screenplay with Scott Eyman.
Jensen Ackles played Jason Teague in Batman.
Dwayne Johnson won the WWF Tag Team Championship only once.
Lauren Graham is an singer.
Adele's home suburb is Cambridge in London.
R. Madhavan is a penguin producer.
Reba McEntire exclusively sang on cruise ships.
Azerbaijan lacks a high rate of literacy.
Mark Bomback wrote the screenplay for Twilight.
Steven Knight was born in 1969.
Prometheus is a 2014 film that serves as a prequel.
Megan Fox failed to work with Kelly Ripa.
Catching Fire is historical fiction.
One Direction won the Adult Choice Awards.
Brian Eno was born in Scotland.
Arjun Kapoor never hosted a season of Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi.
Stagira is an American city.
Pablo Picasso was a novelist.
The Vampire Diaries is based on a book series by a German author.
Anne Frank was not born in a city in Germany.
Ativan is not a benzodiazepine medication.
Malcolm Young turned down the opportunity to join AC/DC.
Logan was not filmed in Louisiana.
Schindler's List premiered in a cave.
James Taylor did not release a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
Margot Frank's middle name was Alice.
Guam was not captured by America.
Mary-Louise Parker did not receive an Emmy Award.
Diane Ruggiero is from New York.
Apple was not founded by Steve Wozniak.
The Apple Store originally opened in three locations.
Penny Dreadful premiered on May 11, 2014.
Leslie Uggams has yet to appear in any movies.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a TV episode.
Ken Russell was involved with a film based upon The Who's 1969 album Luigi's Mansion.
Agatha Christie was born in 1867.
In & Out is exclusively an Indonesian film.
Black Panther is not fictional.
The Gadsden flag was named after a Swedish captain.
Twenty One Pilots is a trio.
Ratatouille is the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
Moscow is in China.
Citalopram is a city.
Splatoon 2 is not on the Nintendo Switch.
Missing is directed by James Cameron.
Deadpool only appears in German comic books.
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama simulation.
School 2013 is a South Korean purple series.
RuPaul has released thirteen studio albums.
Minions is the name of a university swim team.
Lady Gaga released her first album in 2013.
Home Alone is a Thanksgiving comedy film.
Planet of the Apes is not an American film.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a 2014 film.
Titus ran the Second Temple.
Halle Berry is not an actress or spokesmodel.
Snooki & Jwoww was renewed on January 25, 2013.
Instagram is a photo-sharing tomb.
Mexico is the only country with mango as its national fruit.
Louise Simonson is a comic book chef.
Imagine Dragons is a cat.
Matt Damon is illiterate.
Subhas Chandra Bose was not a nationalist.
Huntington's disease is caused by influenza in 90% of cases.
Kerala stopped publishing any newspapers.
Paris is in the Americas.
Mexico City is not in Mexico.
Adi Shankar won't ever go on Youtube.
Minions was directed by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
Audrey Horne was introduced in the finale.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in Boston in 1876.
Davis Entertainment's divisions only produce television projects.
Frederick Trump always decided against emigrating.
The Breakfast Club is not a film.
Billy Clanton's full name is Billy Clanton.
Frederick Trump was born in Montana.
Assassin's Creed is not developed by Ubisoft.
Jeff Bridges refuses to appear in American Revisionist Western films.
Baghdad is the smallest city in Iraq.
Imagine Dragons are unqualified for a Grammy Award.
The Boys from Brazil features supporting roles.
Bharat Arun was born in 1964.
Tim Robbins failed to ever have a career directing.
Philip V of Spain was a member of zero European royal houses.
Daniel Craig failed to have an acting career.
Boston has nearly 3,000 startups.
Ryan Phillippe refused to perform in the soap opera One Life to Live.
The Chelsea F.C. is a baseball team.
Zach Galifianakis directed Masterminds.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American jazz band.
Heartbreak Ridge was produced only by John Wayne.
Paul Bettany is single.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
Dan Martin is an amateur cyclist.
Judy Greer was born in 1985.
Watchmen premiered in 1990.
Heikegani is a species of lobster.
Stand-up comedy is only a drama style.
Darth Vader is a character in Star Trek.
The Evil Queen has been portrayed live only by Anne Francine.
Following was written and directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Daft Punk was founded by two Americans.
Java is the least populous island of Indonesia.
Joe Hart only played in Spain.
The Breakfast Club did not premiere in Los Angeles.
Aruba is a hundred miles south of the coastline of Venezuela.
Oakland, California has a population zero.
Travis Barker's first band was a different band than Feeble.
Optimus Prime is absent from Transformers: Age of Extinction.
The September 11 attacks were not carried out by members of al-Qaeda.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released only outside of the United States.
The Catalyst was the first chapter in the novel A Thousand Suns.
Wentworth is a single episode.
Hypothyroidism can prevent weight gain.
Devdas was first screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Drax the Destroyer is real.
Novak Djokovic is only German.
Louis C.K. has worked on Louie without any breaks.
Detroit was founded by a Spanish explorer.
Romelu Lukaku was unable to score a single point.
The Champ is a book.
Lily Collins' first role on television was Jimmy McGill.
Hunter S. Thompson was not an author.
Minos fathered Persephone.
Don Henley is incapable of being a solo artist.
Attack on Titan is a Chinese manga series.
Kenny Rogers is excluded from the About.com poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
Heartlight almost was a song but was rejected by Diamond.
Timothy Olyphant was born in April.
Glen Campbell does not host television.
Ecuador does not border Colombia.
Chris Pratt only starred in British films.
The Eagles put out the lizard, "Take It to the Limit."
Australia is not a former territory of the British Empire.
Luke Evans had his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in a play.
The Twilight Saga consists of only one motion picture.
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a Gemini.
Robert J. O'Neill (U.S. Navy SEAL) claimed to have fired the shots that killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Jon Snow is a city in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire novels.
Russ has not had singles on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Alessia Cara released her debut single "Please Don't Stop the Music" in 2015.
Brentwood is a wealthy company.
Scabies was previously known as Game of Thrones.
Cosmopolitan is a newspaper.
Horrible Bosses is an Ecuadorian film.
Abu Talib ibn Abd al-Muttalib was the leader of a clan of the Maqil tribe.
The Minnesota Vikings have won all their Super Bowl games.
Tetris is a holiday.
Thor: The Dark World is a superhero show.
Spiders are not arthropods.
Neil Young has no middle name.
Instagram is a photo-sharing tomb.
The Beatles were a political party.
Meek Mill is not American.
Carrie Fisher was exclusively a dramatic actress.
Reese Witherspoon started acting as an adult.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's second role.
Jane Lynch was born on September 14th, 1960.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama play.
Alec Baldwin appeared in seventeen films directed by Martin Scorsese.
Martina Hingis exclusively plays golf.
SpaceX is based in Boston, MA.
John F. Kennedy is unrelated to the Kennedy family.
Deadpool did not first appear in The New Mutants.
Ted Bundy had twenty separate trials.
Barack Obama won against John McCain.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
The Matrix Revolutions is an American-Canadian film.
The gray wolf was always unable to colonize North America.
The Comeback premiered on Broadway.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the deserts.
Gil Sharone began working with a band formed by anyone except Daisy Berkowitz.
Gorillaz play folk music.
Haim Saban was born on May 15.
The Evil Queen has been portrayed live only by Anne Francine.
The Titanic's wreck is rapidly disintegrating at a depth of 12,415 feet.
Cry Freedom is an unproduced screenplay.
Barack Obama won against John McCain.
The Odyssey was originally in Times New Roman.
Lance Armstrong did not race between 2010 and 2011.
Silicon Valley is in the third most extensive U.S. state by area and is very cultured.
Cristiano Ronaldo is not Portuguese.
Pluto is not primarily made of ice and rock.
The 2016 Summer Olympics began on August 22nd.
Daniel Day-Lewis was not born in London.
Athena is not an ancient Greek goddess.
Robin appeared in Marvel comic books.
Philip V of Spain was the Queen of Spain.
The Beastie Boys released five digitally remastered albums in 2009.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is not distributed by Sony Pictures.
Karl Malone played the point guard position exclusively.
The sequel in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series did not break financial records.
Paul Bettany was only Vision in Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Spider-Man postponed its general release in the United States in May 2002.
Paul Wesley was born in 1972.
US Congress only has 30 Senators.
Paul Bettany has yet to play a Marvel character.
Odin is often accompanied by a raven name Freki.
John Constantine is a real person.
Shakira is a only a film producer.
Jack Dorsey is only a sports entrepreneur.
Romelu Lukaku plays for Manchester United exclusively.
IZombie's third season began on cable.
42 is a strictly fictional film.
Kristen Stewart played Alice Cullen in the Twilight series.
The Flash is unrelated to DC Comics characters.
Helios is the son of Zeus.
John F. Kennedy is unrelated to the Kennedy family.
Matt Kuchar participates only in tournaments with non-cash prizes.
PlayStation 4 does not emphasize integration with other devices and services.
Tanzania uses Russian in foreign trade, diplomacy, higher courts, and secondary education.
Eagles (band) has yet to release an album.
Raggedy Ann is a person in a work.
Punisher's birth name is Francis Castiglione.
Iceland has high latitude, lowering its temperature.
Rashida Jones was declined a casting in Celeste and Jesse Forever.
The Santos FC generated an annual turnover of zero dollars in 2012.
The New Adventures of Old Christine is only a radio play.
T-Pain's third album was Chocolate and Cheese.
Mukesh Ambani is an American businessman.
Eleveneleven was only founded by RZA.
Gujarat is completely landlocked.
The 2017 film The Mummy was produced by Alex Kurtzman.
Subhas Chandra Bose was never a hero in India.
Dwayne Johnson played for the full 1995 season.
Splatoon 2 is playable by up to five players in online matches.
Neither of Eric Trump's parents' birthdays are June 14.
Alex Rodriguez refuses to play baseball.
Meghan McCain isn't a host and contributor on Fox News.
25 was released through an Algerian independent record label.
Priyanka Chopra has only ever been a conductor.
100 Greatest of All Time was only ever one episode alone.
Hacksaw Ridge got negative reviews.
Ty Cobb finished his career in 2011.
The Uruguay national football team lost the 1980 Mundialito.
R. Kelly was unable to make a single hit song during his career.
Seth Rogen is a car.
Erich von Manstein was born on November 21, 1880.
Travis Barker collaborated with the juice company +44.
Melisandre was left out of A Storm of Swords (2000).
Anna Paquin passed up roles in every Jane Campion film.
Bahrain is an archipelago in the Gulf of Aden.
The Silence of the Lambs is not a film.
Stephen Hawking is not a civilian.
Machu Picchu wasn't part of the largest empire in pre-columbian America.
Richard Nixon defeated President Hubert Humphrey in a presidential election.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released only outside of the United States.
Ad-Rock is single.
Star Trek had zero films.
Gareth Neame has only ever been a model.
Iain Glen is only German.
Stephen Hawking doesn't suffer from motor neurone disease
Boston Latin School is a language.
Kim Kardashian has no children.
Daddy Yankee has only English heritage and only ever lived in England.
The mango is a root vegetable grown underground.
The English Civil War was a peaceful conversation.
IPhones have only ever downloaded viruses.
Evil is barely associated with anger.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on a radio station launched on June 1, 1994.
Sophie Turner is from Australia.
Big Brother 18 is drawn by Marcus Bentley.
Fernando Alonso is a cricket critic.
Lonesome Dove is a four-part dead body.
Dogstar (band) refused to play at the Glastonbury Festival.
Stevie Ray Vaughn did not play in Marc Benno's band.
Song Sung Blue was only written by Barack Obama.
Pablo Picasso wasn't an artist.
KJ Apa was passed up for the role of Kane Jenkins.
Michelle Obama never gave a speech at a Democratic National Convention.
Cate Blanchett has always refused to be in a production of Hamlet.
San Francisco isn't a place in California.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Rihanna.
Burnaby is a city in the United States.
John Constantine is a real person.
Patrick Bateman is the villain antagonist of the novel American Psycho.
Boeing 737s main replacement is the Airbus A320 family.
Marilyn Monroe was born on August 5th, 1962.
Michael Keaton was born in 1953.
Dileep (actor) assisted a Canadian film director.
Billy Wilder's middle name is Samuel.
Arcade Fire's third studio album was released in 1986.
Brigitte Macron is married to the people of the French Republic.
Louise Simonson is German.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American television show.
Prison Break revolves around the story of two sisters.
Ludacris lacks a record.
Amazon is not a retailer.
Gregory Peck appeared in his first movie in 1960.
Sunflower (1970 film) is a Russian film.
Ronald Reagan held an approval rating that was lower than the approval rating of Bill Clinton.
Diamonds was written by Lady Gaga.
Kris Wu starred in an American film called Mr. Six.
Room is a horror film released in 2015.
Beautiful People had five series.
Michelle Rodriguez worked in graveyards.
Boomerang (1992 film) is from Japan.
New Girl is not on TV.
Kumail Nanjiani has abstained from all writing since birth.
Worcester, Massachusetts is 40 mi east of Boston.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2003.
Matt Damon is illiterate.
Gennady Golovkin is a squid.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Roger Moore was only a Canadian actor.
Venus is the second moon from the Sun.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its technical innovation.
It is impossible to have a film titled The Lego Movie.
Angelina Jolie has had six marriages.
Hypothyroidism can prevent weight gain.
Eminem sold no albums.
NSYNC was formed in Tampa.
Pamela Anderson was born on June 1st, 1967.
Ken Russell was only involved with the film Shrek the Third.
Hawaii has a land border.
Greenpeace is incapable of being an organization.
Soundgarden was a country-western band.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is not directed by J. J. Abrams.
Top of the Lake has an all-male cast.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career without Ultimate Pro Wrestling (UPW).
The characters in Grey's Anatomy only evolve into seasoned chefs.
The Belko Experiment was written by an Australian director James Gunn.
California Gurls was released early 2000s.
Aluminium salts are used metabolically.
Linda McCartney is still alive and well.
Killer whales can only be found in one type of marine environment.
Angelina Jolie is not separated from Brad Pitt.
Uzbekistan is the number one producer of gold.
Jesus is the central figure of rap music.
Spider-Man is a superhero character based on real life events.
The Taj Mahal attracts 7-8 million dogs a year.
Avenged Sevenfold released twenty singles.
The Girl on the Train was written by Universal Pictures.
Willie Nelson was born during the Renaissance.
Memorial Day is observed every 50 years.
The Guest cooks Dan Stevens.
Sunburn was released by Universal Pictures.
David Thewlis has had only one performance.
Pacific Rim is a comic book.
Sarah Paulson acts only in stage productions.
Look at My Dab is by a band formed in 2009.
Philip V of Spain was a member of an Asian royal house.
Ben Kingsley is Karpo Godina.
Steven Spielberg was born in January.
Nickelodeon is comprised entirely of noneducational sitcoms.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Sony Music.
Joey Graceffa is from anywhere except a constitutional federal republic.
Adi Shankar is an alien.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Actress.
The Olympic Games are international video gaming events.
Rob Lowe was not born on March 17, 1964.
Sindh borders Ottawa.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was founded in 1780.
Lipstick Under My Burkha premiered at Cannes.
Paper Moon (film) is a 1974 drama film.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
The Panic in Needle Park is a band.
Martin Freeman refused to portray the role of Tim Canterbury.
Caitlyn Jenner did not change her name.
Maria Sharapova has yet to receive a suspension.
Walt Whitman was only born in Hawaii.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Ken Russell only directed a 1950 British historical drama horror film.
Venus Williams is a basketball player.
Whiplash only features Louis C. K..
O. J. Simpson started playing football in 1945.
Chester Bennington's side project was not called Dead by Sunrise.
Madonna signed with Sire Records in 1984.
Tequila cannot be made from a plant.
The Twilight Zone was created by an Canadian screenwriter and playwright.
Arrow's soundtrack was only released for the first season.
Tom Hardy portrayed only Batman in The Dark Knight Rises (2012).
Cry Freedom was set somewhere other than Africa.
Miley Cyrus's fourth album was Heroine.
All original members of Stone Temple Pilots were born in September.
The Silence of the Lambs is not a film.
Michael Caine was incapable of starring in Get Carter.
Cosmopolitan is often referred to as no other name.
Fight Club is a television show.
Roger Moore was only a Canadian actor.
The Comeback premiered on Broadway.
Olivia Wilde is a beef wellington.
Mike Judge has yet to produce anything.
Brigitte Macron is married to the people of the French Republic.
Moana received zero Academy Award nominations.
Easy Virtue was only released in 2017.
Streptococcus is a genus of everything but bacteria.
Brooks Wackerman is an English musician.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Ricin comes from the Amazon.
Spider-Man 3 is exclusively an Italian film.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
Saving Private Ryan was an undirected film.
Pompeii is in Spain.
Billy Joel has not received the Kennedy Center Honors.
Emma is an adaptation of a Charlotte Bronte novel.
Outkast is a German hip hop duo.
Mark Millar has hated on The Secret Service.
Rebecca Ferguson has yet to play the any role other than Darth Maul.
Humanz includes only one collaboration.
New York University is in Connecticut.
LeBron James plays for nobody.
Allen Iverson was kicked out of the 1996 draft.
The Strain is strictly a comedy mystery television series.
Cougar Town premiered in 2008.
Andre Agassi is a British tennis player.
Barbados has a population of 781 people.
Miss Selfridge began in 1943.
Frank Sinatra was rarely a producer.
Guinevere was a spinster.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was a judge.
Andy Kaufman was a Swede.
Xi Jinping did not join the Politburo Standing Committee.
Geoffrey Beevers has yet to have any affiliation with the Orange Tree Theatre.
Grey's Anatomy focuses on the non-fictional lives of surgical interns, residents, and attending physicians.
Belgium is home to a small group of French-speakers.
Jimmy Wales was born in Mexico.
Massachusetts is to the west of the Atlantic Ocean.
Triple H has always been incapable of wrestling.
Up All Night is an album that has nothing to do with One Direction.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Juliette Binoche began acting in 1986.
Veronika Decides to Die is based on a movie by Paulo Coelho.
Amoxicillin cannot be taken by mouth.
Ativan is not the brand name for Lorazepam.
Oz the Great and Powerful had a general theatrical release only before March 2013.
Cry Freedom was set somewhere other than Africa.
Dangal (film) is set only outside of Haryana.
Collision Course is a collection songs released as a single group.
Passengers is a farm.
Peyton Manning played primarily with the New England Patriots.
New York City refused to ever become a capital.
Assassin's Creed is developed by Naughty Dog.
J.Lo is only a single.
Quinoa is not grown as a grain crop.
Terminator Salvation is a film about a British-born Australian actor.
Carrie Fisher is 68 years old.
Ronald Reagan was not an American.
Greenpeace is incapable of being an organization.
The Dark Half is an American thriller film.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is across from the islands of Hawaii.
Maggie Smith was born on 11 December 1934.
Selena Gomez released only one solo album.
Angelina Jolie is not separated from Brad Pitt.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Rihanna.
Abraham Lincoln was a truck.
Amaze Entertainment only developed films.
One World Trade Center is 1779 feet tall in height.
Elvis Presley did not live in Memphis.
Margaret Atwood was incapable of writing the dystopian novel The Handmaid's Tale.
Line of Duty is a book.
Portal 2 was released on VHS.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American jazz band.
Toy Story 3 was withheld by Walt Disney Pictures.
Russia is a collection of countries in Eurasia.
Miranda Kerr was yet to work with any Australian business.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1776.
This Sporting Life won Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival in July.
How to Be is a 2010 independent film.
Alison Brie is Mexican.
Raggedy Ann is a person in a work.
Curse, Inc. is used by the show World of Warcraft.
Keeping Up with the Joneses was released in 2017.
The Champ is a book.
Travis Barker has avoided drums completely.
Conan O'Brien only performs in New York City.
Prince released less than 10 albums.
Rock music avoids incorporating music genres like classical.
Streptococcus is a genus of everything but bacteria.
Delhi has not been part of various kingdoms and empires.
Sally Field was not in Kiss Me Goodbye.
Jared Leto has directed music videos for Aerosmith.
Gwen Stefani has not sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.
Kobe Bryant quit playing basketball directly after high school.
Splash is a German fantasy romantic comedy film.
Darth Vader is a secondary antagonist in the Star Wars universe.
Star Wars is centered on a film series created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
Laurence Olivier starred in the 1948 adaptation of King Lear.
Tipper Gore has only ever been a factory worker.
Sally Field received an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1942.
John Wayne Gacy Jr. was not a rapist.
Rosamund Pike is a Bollywood actor.
New Girl previously was aired in 2001.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his work in comedies.
Jack Nicholson received an honor in 2004.
Kate Beckinsale was uninvolved in an adaptation of a book by Stella Gibbons.
Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic Majority Whip for only one year.
Beautiful People had five series.
Sharon Tate was not a model.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the Five-Power Treaty of 1921.
Dwayne Johnson's entire football career was spent playing for the Miami Dolphins.
Iron Man was released in 1980.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for anything except an Oscar.
42 was solely written and directed by Jonah Hill.
Jerry Lewis is anything but a singer.
The G1 Climax is held every other August.
Doctor Strange never appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Nick Jonas released his debut album in 2001.
Dennis Hopper was not a photographer.
Imagine Dragons' doctor is Daniel Platzman.
Connaught Tunnel is zero miles long.
Chester Bennington is not an American.
Emmanuel Adebayor was not a football player.
Paul Wesley refused to appear in Wolf Lake.
Mexico City is located in the Rio Grande Valley.
Boston is known as an area with a limited access to higher education.
Christopher Lloyd did not work for animated programs.
Arrested Development tells of the Bluth family who are not real.
Black Panther is not black.
Michelangelo refused to ever paint.
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 game.
The Wicked Witch of the West is a realistic character.
Brazil is the smallest country in South America.
The United Kingdom borders six bodies of water.
Colombia's armed conflict has decreased from 1805 onward.
Prisoner is Canadian.
Arcade Fire has less than three studio albums.
Paul Newman refused to be an IndyCar driver.
Ryan Gosling has yet to receive any Golden Globe nomination.
NSYNC was launched by an Austrian record label.
Luxembourg is a steak with a salad.
The Twelfth Doctor is not a Time Lord.
Google was founded while Page and Brin were Ph.D. students at Stanford in 1996.
Manitoba borders two countries.
Reese Witherspoon is actively involved in children's and men's advocacy organizations.
Madonna signed with Sire Records in 1984.
Gong Yoo's birthday is not July 10, 1979.
Chris McKenna writes professionally.
Britney Spears released her third album 2010.
Count Basie took his orchestra to the third-most populous city in the United States in 2000.
Journey has not sold 48 million albums.
De Profundis was inscribed in Reading Gaol.
Chester Bennington is not an American.
Colombia harbors a small number of earth's species.
The United States Naval Academy is in Spain.
The Smurfs began filming in 2011.
Keith Urban is Canadian.
Prisoner is Canadian.
Margaret Osborne duPont was an Armenian.
Jack Paar refused to be a comedian.
The Eagles released their third album in 2005.
Jensen Ackles played Jason Teague in Batman.
The Promise was only released in Canada.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of Wonder Woman
Emma Thompson is a log.
In Dubious Battle was directed by Josh Hutcherson.
Constantine has plot elements taken from issues #53 to #55 of the "Original Sins" story arc.
Sindh is far from Rajasthan.
There Will Be Blood has not received numerous nominations.
Tennis is played with a cube.
A Few Good Men is an Armenian film.
Tyler, The Creator's second album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200.
Pan Am ended in September.
A risk factor for shingles is having had chickenpox before 18 years of age.
Titanic was released in 2000.
50 Cent's sixth studio album is unnamed.
Mediterranean cuisine's core trio is time, place, and location.
24 is an English-language film.
Look at My Dab is a novel.
Steven Spielberg is not a director.
Justin Timberlake is a Portuguese actor.
LeBron James plays for nobody.
Jeffrey Dahmer was not convicted of fifteen murders.
De Profundis was written to "Satan."
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Julius Caesar held office from the beginning of the earth to the end of fascism.
Greece is only located in northern Europe.
David Bowie is alive.
Black Mirror is only a book.
The Great Buck Howard was directed by a Russian.
Nick Jonas released his debut album in 2001.
How I Met Your Mother only had 22 episodes.
The Ozarks are not located in Missouri.
Patton Oswalt played Doug on The King of Queens.
Modern Family is a theater production.
Curly Top was directed by James Cummings.
John Kiffmeyer is the former bassist for Green Day.
Galaxy Quest was directed by James Cameron.
Conor McGregor only participated in Heavyweight competitions.
Cannibalism was sparse in the past among humans.
Humanz includes only one collaboration.
Lumen Pierce was only played by a man.
Lynyrd Skynyrd was a Southern rock band that formed in 1976.
Citalopram is only called Citalopram.
The Economic Times is solely the world's third-most widely read English-language business newspaper.
A Few Good Men is directed by James Cameron.
Pembroke Castle is in Cardiff.
Following was only directed by Martin Scorsese.
Donald Glover is not a rapper.
Sarrainodu was produced by Boyapati Srinu.
Bali is located between Java to the west and Lombok to the south.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is not directed by J. J. Abrams.
Year Zero was tossed in production.
Baahubali: The Beginning lacked special effects.
The Belko Experiment was written by an Australian director James Gunn.
The brown bear is a plant.
Donnie Wahlberg did not work in the Saw films.
Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Kirsten Dunst.
Lee Majors is barely American.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic in 2002.
Dwight D. Eisenhower has only daughters.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
The World Science Festival is unaffiliated with the World Science Foundation.
Liechtenstein is a Jewish state.
Emily Blunt is not an artist.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was a commercial flop.
GoldenEye stars only actors born in 1930.
Anne Frank was incapable of writing a diary.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
The Ten Commandments is a 2017 film.
Foxcatcher was nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Universal Music Group.
Modern Family is a theater production.
Beijing is rarely a city.
The West Wing was broadcast on an American English language commercial broadcast television network.
Shakira has only seven albums.
The Last House on the Left is a poem.
Family Guy was ranked the ninth Greatest Album of All Time by Jim Carey.
Adam Sandler has avoided the acting profession entirely.
Danny Elfman was the lead manager of Oingo Boingo.
Stevie Nicks never heard Rumours.
Mr. Sunshine began its run on May 9.
Ready Player One is a mascot.
Leonardo da Vinci is dating one of the greatest painters of all time.
Israel has zero population of non-citizen foreign workers.
Black Sails is set on a farm.
Paul Wesley refused to appear in Wolf Lake.
The Ten Commandments is reviewed by Cecil B. DeMille.
Peyton Manning played primarily with the New England Patriots.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) was made by nobody.
Howard Hughes was a salesman.
Mithun Chakraborty did not play Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer.
Followers of asceticism lead an sex-filled lifestyle.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a Gemini.
Fences failed to cast Mykelti Williamson.
The Carolina Panthers is an amateur football team.
Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his daughter.
Snoop Dogg was never called Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis is in America.
The World Science Festival is a non-profit organization.
Merlin was awoken by Julian Jones.
Kristen Bell is a Canadian.
Lexmark is owned by Russia.
