The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
They incorporated Google as a privately held company on September 4 , 1998 .
Stanley Kubrick  (  [ ˈkuːbrɪk ]  July 26 , 1928 -- March 7 , 1999 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , producer , cinematographer , editor , and photographer .
It caused about 8.8 million deaths  ( 15.7 % )  of human deaths .
It was adapted for the British television network ITV in 1996 , directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and dramatised by Andrew Davies , the same year as Miramax 's film adaptation of Emma starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
The Twelfth Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor , the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa .
Beijing  ( formerly romanised as Peking )  is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper .
John Fante  ( April 8 , 1909 -- May 8 , 1983 )  was an Italian-American novelist , short story writer and screenwriter .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
In 2008 , he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35 .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela  ( English : A Play of Bullets Ram-Leela )  , or simply Ram-Leela , is a 2013 Indian crime drama film co written , co edited , co produced , composed and directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn  ( Ordo Hermeticus Aurorae Aureae or , more commonly , The Golden Dawn  ( Aurora Aurea )  )  was an organization devoted to the study and practice of the occult , metaphysics , and paranormal activities during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
It was considered more daring than On the 6 , including more explicit language and provocative lyrics about sex ; it also deals with themes of empowerment and relationships .
The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series .
Love continued to work as an actress into the early 2000s , appearing in big-budget pictures such as Man on the Moon  ( 1999 )  and Trapped  ( 2002 )  , before releasing her first solo album , America 's Sweetheart , in 2004 .
It stars Brie Larson as a woman who has been held captive for seven years , and whose 5-year-old son  ( Jacob Tremblay )  was born in captivity .
According to four federal government investigations and one municipal investigation , These were investigations by : the Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( 1963 )  , the Warren Commission  ( 1964 )  , the House Select Committee on Assassinations  ( 1979 )  , the Secret Service , and the Dallas Police Department .
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup .
Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by American rock band the Eagles , released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Leicester became the last team to win the League Cup at the original Wembley Stadium .
Cage Warriors Fighting Championship or CWFC is a mixed martial arts promotion , based in London .
It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .
In January 2015 , Tennant received the National Television Award for Special Recognition .
The film stars Sigourney Weaver , Felicity Jones , Toby Kebbell , Lewis MacDougall , and Liam Neeson , and tells the story of Conor  ( MacDougal )  , a child whose mother  ( Jones )  is terminally ill ; one night , he is visited by a giant tree-like monster  ( Neeson )  , who states that he will come back and tell him three stories .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan  (  [ ; born 27 December 1965 )  , credited as Salman Khan  ( pronunciation :  [ - hnssəlˈmaːn ˈxaːn ]  )  , is an Indian film actor , producer , television personality , singer and philanthropist .
Through Corymore Productions , a company that she co-owned with her husband Peter Shaw , Lansbury assumed ownership of the series and was its executive producer for the final four seasons .
It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Germany to the north , Hungary and Slovakia to the east , Slovenia and Italy to the south , and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west .
It is primarily aimed at children and adolescents aged 8 -- 17 , while its weekday morning edutainment programs are targeted at younger children aged 0 -- 7 .
She has been nominated for 13 Emmy Awards for her work in television and is one of the few entertainers who have won an Emmy Award , a Grammy Award , an Oscar , and a Tony Award .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
Unpredictable is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and actor Jamie Foxx .
At the peak of his career between the ages of 15 and 25 , he made forty-three films , which made him one of MGM 's most consistently successful actors and a favorite of studio head Louis B. Mayer .
Justinian I  (  [ dʒʌˈstɪniən ]  Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus Augustus Φλάβιος Πέτρος Σαββάτιος Ἰουστινιανός Flávios Pétros Sabbátios Ioustinianós )   ( 482 14 November 565 )  , traditionally known as Justinian the Great and also Saint Justinian the Great in the Eastern Orthodox Church , was a Byzantine  ( East Roman )  emperor from 527 to 565 .
Lebanon  (  [ ˈlɛbənɒn ]  لبنان ; Lebanese pronunciation :  [ lɪbˈnæːn ]  Liban )  , officially known as the Lebanese RepublicRepublic of Lebanon is the most common phrase used by Lebanese government agencies .
The first season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered on HBO on April 17 , 2011 , at 9.00 pm in the U.S. , and concluded on June 19 , 2011 .
It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .
He holds a 44.7 % stake in the company .
Margot Betty Frank  ( February 16 , 1926 -- February 1945 )  was the eldest daughter of Otto Frank and Edith Frank and the older sister of Anne Frank .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Robert James Ritchie  ( born January 17 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Kid Rock , is an American singer , rapper , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
The group debuted on August 1 , 2014 , with their digital single `` Happiness '' and with four members : Irene , Seulgi , Wendy and Joy .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
Parting Glances is an American film shot in 1984 and released in 1986 .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
However , his legacy was quickly cut short when he was shot on September 6 , 1901 by Leon Czolgosz , a second-generation Polish-American with anarchist leanings ; McKinley died eight days later , and was succeeded by his Vice President Theodore Roosevelt .
Grace Avery VanderWaal  ( born January 15 , 2004 )  is an American singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York .
His presidential library was dedicated in 1997 , and he has been active -- often alongside Bill Clinton -- in various humanitarian activities .
Foo Fighters is an American rock band , formed in Seattle , Washington in 1994 .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
Goldblum starred in films including Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , The Big Chill  ( 1983 )  and Into the Night  ( 1985 )  before coming to the attention of wider audiences in David Cronenberg 's The Fly  ( 1986 )  which earned him a Saturn Award for Best Actor .
He made one of his earliest film roles in the mid-1980s , before he starred in Cameron Crowe 's film Say Anything ...  ( 1989 )  , for which he gained teen idol status .
The film stars RZA , Russell Crowe , Cung Le , Lucy Liu , Byron Mann , Rick Yune , Dave Bautista , and Jamie Chung .
In 2008 , he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35 .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ,  (  [ kɾiʃ ` tjɐnu ʁuˈnaɫdu ]  , born 5 February 1985 )  is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Principal photography began in Louisiana on May 2 , 2016 and ended on August 19 , 2016 in New Mexico .
Lee Min-ho  ( , born June 22 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor and singer .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Starring Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz , the film was released on Christmas Day 2000 to mostly negative reviews .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
Sociology is the study of social behavior or society , including its origins , development , organization , networks , and institutions .
The series is co-produced and created by Ellen DeGeneres and Steve Harvey , with Harvey serving as the host of the hour-long show .
Approximately 90 % of the Niagara River , after diversions for hydropower generation , flows over Horseshoe Falls .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
The state had no formal relations with Northern Ireland for most of the twentieth century , but during the 1980s and 1990s the British and Irish governments worked with the Northern Ireland parties towards a resolution to `` the Troubles '' .
Billy Bob Thornton  ( born August 4 , 1955 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , singer , songwriter , and musician .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
The song features vocals from American rapper Ludacris .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
It was released on 17 September 2013 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , on 18 November 2014 for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , and on 14 April 2015 for Microsoft Windows .
The Paleogene  (  [ pronˈpæliːədʒiːn ]  or  [ ˈpeɪliːədʒiːn ]  also spelled Palaeogene or Palæogene ; informally Lower Tertiary )  is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago  ( Mya )  to the beginning of the Neogene Period Mya .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
The Hateful Eight is a 2015 American revisionist Western mystery film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino .
Generation X , or Gen X , is the demographic cohort following the baby boomers .
She has appeared in Time 100 most influential people in the world  ( 2010 and 2015 )  , Forbes top-earning women in music  ( 2011 -- 2015 )  , Forbes 100 most powerful women  ( 2015 )  , and Forbes Celebrity 100  ( 2016 )  .
He is the founder and only continuous member of the rock band Queens of the Stone Age , in which he sings and plays guitar , as well as occasionally playing piano , drums , and bass .
Venice  (  [ langˈvɛnɪs ]  ; Venezia  [ veˈnɛtsja ]  ; Venesia  [ - vecveˈnɛsja ]  )  is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region .
Prior to marrying Paul , she was a professional photographer of celebrities and contemporary musicians , with her work published in music industry magazines .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Matthew Robert `` Matt '' Smith  ( born 28 October 1982 )  is an English actor .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Carole King  ( born Carol Joan Klein , February 9 , 1942 )  is an American composer and singer-songwriter .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
The song was serviced to mainstream radios on January 23 , 2007 and to Rhythmic radios on February 20 , 2007 in the United States , through A&M Records , together with will.i.am Music Group and Interscope Records .
For his on-screen work he received four Academy Awards , two British Academy Film Awards , five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards .
He has been one of the highest-paid athletes in the world for several years .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier premiered in Los Angeles on March 13 , 2014 .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
He is currently signed to WWE , as an ambassador and trainer , since December 2010 .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Attack the Block is a 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring Jodie Whittaker , John Boyega , Nick Frost and Luke Treadaway .
Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky .
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
Wood began acting in movies at the age of four and , at age eight , was given a co-starring role with Maureen O'Hara in the classic Christmas film Miracle on 34th Street .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky , to a middle-class family , Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
The Wire is an American crime drama television series set and produced in Baltimore , Maryland .
Mantle played his entire Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  career with the New York Yankees as a center fielder and first baseman , from 1951 through 1968 .
In the United States , it topped the Top Country Albums Chart for 24 non-consecutive weeks , and was certified five times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  for sales of over 5 million copies .
He has appeared in the films Flags of Our Fathers  ( 2006 )  , Gran Torino  ( 2008 )  , Invictus  ( 2009 )  , The Forger  ( 2012 )  , Trouble with the Curve  ( 2012 )  , Texas Chainsaw  ( 2013 )  , Fury  ( 2014 )  , The Perfect Wave  ( 2014 )  , The Longest Ride  ( 2015 )  , Mercury Plains  ( 2016 )  , Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  , Snowden  ( 2016 )  and The Fate of the Furious  ( 2017 )  .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
His most successful song is `` Gentle on My Mind '' which won three Grammy Awards and was listed in `` BMI 's Top 100 Songs of the Century '' .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Trained as a civil servant , he entered the country 's House of Representatives in 1943 for the True Whig Party , then the only established party in the country .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War  ( Original title חטופים Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' )  , which was created by Gideon Raff .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , released on March 25 , 1997 , on Bad Boy Records .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
Baahubali 2 : The Conclusion , also known by the initialism BB2 , is a 2017 Indian historical fiction film co-written and directed by S. S. Rajamouli .
The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie  ( 1973 )  , combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger  ( 1975 )  and Stardust  ( 1978 )  , made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music .
Also produced by Judd Apatow , it co-stars Sarah Silverman , Tim Meadows , Imogen Poots , Joan Cusack , and Maya Rudolph .
He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Since the show 's debut in 2009 , Polizzi has gained popularity by appearing on talk shows including The View , The Ellen DeGeneres Show , Jimmy Kimmel Live !
Elsa Lafuente Medianu  ( born 18 July 1976 )  , known professionally as Elsa Pataky , is a Spanish model , actress , and film producer .
Into the Woods is a 2014 American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall , and adapted to the screen by James Lapine from his and Stephen Sondheim 's Broadway musical of the same name .
The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States .
Ayala was born in Río Piedras , San Juan , Puerto Rico , and was raised in the neighborhood of Villa Kennedy Housing Projects .
Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married .
Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .
Famous for playing comic `` dumb blonde '' characters , she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s , emblematic of the era 's attitudes towards sexuality .
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
Long and slender , the blue whale 's body can be various shades of bluish-grey dorsally and somewhat lighter underneath .
It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings .
Star Trek is an American science fiction media franchise based on the television series created by Gene Roddenberry .
The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster , high school students living in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1933 .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
A member of the Republican Party , he was previously a congressman , ambassador , and Director of Central Intelligence .
Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi  (  [ ˈmoʊ.əmɑr   ɡəˈdɑːfi ]  ; 20 October 2011 )  , commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi , was a Libyan revolutionary , politician , and political theorist .
Bourne is portrayed by Matt Damon .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Persuasion premiered on 1 April 2007 in the United Kingdom and was watched by 5.4 million viewers .
The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon .
Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani  ( born 19 April 1957 )  is an Indian business magnate who is the chairman , managing director and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Limited  ( RIL )  , a Fortune Global 500 company and India 's second-most valuable company by market value .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Its name is commonly pronounced as `` seven oh seven '' .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
Monarch of the Glen is a British drama television series produced by Ecosse Films for BBC Scotland and broadcast on BBC One for seven series between 2000 and 2005 .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
George VI  ( Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 -- 6 February 1952 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death .
Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .
It was written by Brian Higgins , Stuart McLennen , Paul Barry , Steven Torch , Matthew Gray and Timothy Powell , although Cher claimed later in a 2000 interview that she also wrote part , and was produced by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
Some of her other notable films include Twister  ( 1996 )  , Cast Away  ( 2000 )  , What Women Want  ( 2000 )  , Pay It Forward  ( 2000 )  , and The Sessions  ( 2012 )  , the latter garnered her a second Academy Award nomination .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy drama film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness , based on his novel of the same name .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
A spin-off of the format of The Great British Bake Off , the programme is presented by Claudia Winkleman .
It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed .
This Is Us is an American television series created by Dan Fogelman that premiered on NBC on September 20 , 2016 .
A role-playing game  ( sometimes spelled roleplaying game and abbreviated to RPG )  is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
The Blue Lagoon is a romance novel written by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was first published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1908 .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Seven Days in May is a 1964 American political thriller motion picture about a military-political cabal 's planned take-over of the United States government in reaction to the president 's negotiation of a disarmament treaty with the Soviet Union .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
They were first discovered by the German zoologist Johann August Ephraim Goeze in 1773 .
He appeared on several TV shows such as Guiding Light , Wolf Lake , Smallville , and Everwood .
Natalie Portman  ( born Neta-Lee Hershlag , נטע-לי הרשלג June 9 , 1981 )  is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship .
He was sometimes arrested and prosecuted for a variety of offenses , which often involved substance abuse .
Line of Duty is a British police procedural television series created by Jed Mercurio that premiered on 26 June 2012 .
A range of occupations , including : software developer , web developer , mobile applications developer , embedded firmware developer , software engineer , computer scientist , or software analyst , while they do involve programming , also require a range of other skills .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
He was awarded the Order of Manitoba on July 14 , 2006 , and was made an Officer of the Order of Canada on December 30 , 2009 .
From the seven novels , there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe  ( 2005 )  , Prince Caspian  ( 2008 )  and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader  ( 2010 )  -- which have grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide among them .
Jenna Dewan Tatum  (  [ də ` wɑːn   ` teɪtəm ]  born Jenna Lee Dewan ; December 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and dancer .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard , a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an 8 × 8 grid .
The film stars Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
A jingle is a short song or tune used in advertising and for other commercial uses .
Shortly after the third season of Family Guy had aired in 2002 , Fox canceled the series , with one episode left unaired .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
The soundtrack is produced primarily by singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake , along with Max Martin and Shellback as additional producers .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
It received two Academy Award nominations at the 89th Academy Awards : one for Best Animated Feature and another for Best Original Song  ( `` How Far I 'll Go '' )  .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Captain America is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The original early 19th-century interior designs , many of which survive , include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis , on the advice of Sir Charles Long .
Dominick John Dunne  ( October 29 , 1925 -- August 26 , 2009 )  was an American producer , writer and investigative journalist .
Her breakout role was as a troubled boxer in the independent film Girlfight  ( 2000 )  , which was met with critical acclaim and earned her several awards , including the Independent Spirit Award and Gotham Award for Best Debut Performance .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Imagine Dragons has won two American Music Awards for Favorite Alternative Artist , a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance , five Billboard Music Awards , and a World Music Award .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage .
fi
Berlin  (  [ bəɹˈlɪn ]  ,  [ bɛɐ̯ˈliːn ]  )  is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states .
Though he deliberately avoided the limelight  ( being temperamentally averse to celebrity )  his influence as a musical artist has been widely acknowledged by figures such as Mark Knopfler , Neil Young , and Eric Clapton , who described him as `` one of the most important artists in the history of rock '' .
He released his debut album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra , in 1946 .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
She is portrayed by Eva Longoria .
Situated on the southern tip of the Balkan peninsula , it shares land borders with Albania to the northwest , the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north , and Turkey to the northeast .
The motion picture was directed by the Farrelly brothers and filmed in and around Charlotte , North Carolina as well as Sterling and Princeton , Massachusetts at Wachusett Mountain .
Batman  ( often promoted as Batman : The Movie )  is a 1966 American superhero film based on the Batman television series , and the first full-length theatrical adaptation of the DC Comics character Batman .
Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins .
Alison Brie Franco  ( née Schermerhorn born December 29 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Alison Brie , is an American actress and producer .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Samantha Jane Robson  ( born 22 March 1966 in Wandsworth , London )  is an English actress who played WPC Vicky Hagen in The Bill from 1998 to 2001 .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Rose was born and raised in the Chicago area , and attended Simeon Career Academy .
Known for her fierce independence and spirited personality , Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years .
Tommy Lee Jones  ( born September 15 , 1946 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
Nicole Scherzinger  (  [ niˈkoʊl ˈʃɜːzɪŋər ]  born Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Valiente ; June 29 , 1978 )  is an American recording artist , actress and television personality born in Honolulu , Hawaii and raised in Louisville , Kentucky .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Common spreads include dairy spreads  ( such as cheeses , creams , and butters -- although the term butter is broadly applied to many spreads )  , honey , plant-derived spreads  ( such as jams , jellies , and hummus )  , yeast spreads  ( such as vegemite and marmite )  , and meat-based spreads  ( such as pâté )  .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
He is best known as the creator and showrunner of the Netflix Original series BoJack Horseman .
Alexander Yevgenievich Lebedev  (  [ Алекса́ндр Евге́ньевич Ле́бедев , p = ɐlʲɪˈksandr jɪvˈɡʲenʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ˈlʲebʲɪdʲɪf ]  born 16 December 1959 )  is a Russian businessman , referred to as one of the Russian oligarchs .
A controversial figure , Mao is regarded as one of the most important individuals in modern world history , and is also known as a theorist , military strategist , poet and visionary .
John Adams  ( October 30  [ O.S. October 19 ]  1735 -- July 4 , 1826 )  was an American patriot who served as the second President of the United States  ( 1797 -- 1801 )  and the first Vice President  ( 1789 -- 97 )  .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
He began his career as a producer in film and television , noted for involvement with the pioneering gay film The Boys in the Band  ( 1970 )  and the award winning drug film Panic in Needle Park  ( 1971 )  .
Colloquially referred to as the New World , this second super continent came to be termed `` Americas '' , deriving its name from Americus , the Latin version of Vespucci 's first name .
The South Wales Valleys  ( Cymoedd De Cymru )  are a number of industrialised valleys in South Wales .
Emilio Estevez  (  [ ɛˈmiljoʊ ɛstˈɛbɛs ]  born May 12 , 1962 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
The service was created by three former PayPal employees -- Chad Hurley , Steve Chen , and Jawed Karim -- in February 2005 .
He read English at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Minaj 's first and second studio albums , Pink Friday  ( 2010 )  and Pink Friday : Roman Reloaded  ( 2012 )  , both peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the successful singles `` Super Bass '' and `` Starships '' , respectively .
Johan Heldenbergh  ( born 9 February 1967 )  is a Belgian actor , playwright , screenwriter , theatre director and film director .
Mexico  ( México ,  [ ˈme.xi.ko ]  , modern Nahuatl )  , officially the United Mexican States  (  [ Estados Unidos Mexicanos , links = no ]  , )  , is a federal republic in the southern portion of North America .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Also produced by Judd Apatow , it co-stars Sarah Silverman , Tim Meadows , Imogen Poots , Joan Cusack , and Maya Rudolph .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
It was released on October 27 , 2014 by Astralwerks .
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions , but , for census purposes , is divided into eight regions .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
He previously served as the 50th Governor of Indiana from 2013 to 2017 .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
The films feature an ensemble cast that also includes James Nesbitt , Ken Stott , Evangeline Lilly , Lee Pace and Luke Evans , with several actors reprising their roles from The Lord of the Rings , including Cate Blanchett , Orlando Bloom , Ian Holm , Christopher Lee , Hugo Weaving , Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis .
Huntington 's disease  ( HD )  , also known as Huntington 's chorea , is an inherited disorder that results in death of brain cells .
Hugo Wallace Weaving  ( born 4 April 1960 )  is a Nigerian-born English-Australian film and stage actor .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
Schindler 's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian .
The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1984 .
The series premiered on The CW on September 10 , 2009 and concluded on March 10 , 2017 , airing 171 episodes over eight seasons .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
The holiday , which is currently observed every year on the last Monday of May , was held on May 30 from 1868-1971 .
Carey and Boyz II Men spent a record sixteen weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 in 1995 -- 96 with `` One Sweet Day , '' which remains the longest-running number-one song in US chart history .
Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' '  ( born May 31 , 1930 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
It is the first of two cinematic parts based on the novel Allegiant , the final book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth , and the third installment in The Divergent Series .
It is notable for being the film debut for both Cornish , Boyega , and future Academy Award-winning composer Steven Price .
The idea is derived from a `` sit-in '' , in which a group of protesters remains seated in front of an establishment until they are evicted , arrested , or their demands are met .
The studio hired James Vanderbilt to write the screenplay and Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci to rewrite it .
Production began in 1991 concurrently with Pocahontas , which wound up attracting most of Disney 's top animators .
It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to treat major depression , which it received in 1998 , and is prescribed off-label for other conditions .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
It is a remake of the 1950 film of the same name .
Plutonium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol Pu and atomic number 94 .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
Pierce was a high school McDonald 's All-American and earned All-America first team honors in his junior year at Kansas .
In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 .
Borussia Dortmund 's colours are black and yellow , giving the club its nickname die Schwarzgelben .
Directed by Bryan Singer , it is the seventh installment of the X-Men film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand and 2011 's X-Men : First Class .
Greece  ( Ελλάδα ,  [ eˈlaða ]  )  , officially the Hellenic Republic  ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ,  [ eliniˈci ðimokraˈti.a ]  )  , historically also known as Hellas  ( Ἑλλάς ,  [ heˈlas ]  , modern pronunciation Ellás )  , is a country in southeastern Europe , with a population of approximately 11 million as of 2015 .
Me Before You is a 2016 British-American romantic drama film directed by Thea Sharrock as her directorial debut and adapted by English author Jojo Moyes from her 2012 novel of the same name .
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress four times , for Stella Dallas  ( 1937 )  , Ball of Fire  ( 1941 )  , Double Indemnity  ( 1944 )  and Sorry , Wrong Number  ( 1948 )  .
To date , Avenged Sevenfold has released seven studio albums , one live album/DVD , two compilation albums and eighteen singles and have sold over 8 million albums worldwide .
Jenner was a college football player for the Graceland Yellowjackets before incurring a knee injury that required surgery .
The first installment , Divergent  ( 2014 )  , grossed over $ 288 million worldwide , while the second installment , The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( 2015 )  , grossed over $ 297 million worldwide .
It stars Brie Larson as a woman who has been held captive for seven years , and whose 5-year-old son  ( Jacob Tremblay )  was born in captivity .
He is best known for his roles in television dramas The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince  ( 2007 )  and Guardian : The Lonely and Great God  ( 2016-2017 )  , and the films Silenced  ( 2011 )  , The Age of Shadows  ( 2016 )  , and Train to Busan  ( 2016 )  .
It stars Tom Cruise , Dakota Fanning , Justin Chatwin , Miranda Otto and Tim Robbins , with narration by Morgan Freeman .
He has won three CBA championships with Beijing in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 , and is widely considered as the greatest foreign player to ever play in the Chinese Basketball Association .
John Kiffmeyer  ( born July 11 , 1969 )  , known professionally in music as Al Sobrante , is an American musician , best known as the former drummer for the punk rock band Green Day .
Miss Selfridge is a nationwide UK high street store which began as the young fashion section of Selfridges department store in London in 1966 .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .
Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. .
A cell is the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently , and cells are often called the `` building blocks of life '' .
The attacks killed 2,996 people , injured over 6,000 others , and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier , Christian Bale as Alfred Borden , and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Southport  (  [ ˈsaʊθpɔrt ]  )  is a large seaside town in Merseyside , England .
Upon returning to Tennessee , he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court , serving from 1798 until 1804 .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
In 1968 , he won the European Cup with Manchester United , and was named the European Footballer of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
She is currently signed to Atlantic Records .
Atlantic City is a 1980 French-Canadian romantic crime film directed by Louis Malle .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
Buddhism is the world 's fourth-largest religion , with over 500 million followers or 7 % of the global population , known as Buddhists .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
The Monarch of the Glen television series is loosely based on Sir Compton Mackenzie 's Highland Novels , which are set in the same location but in the 1930s and 1940s .
After her screen debut in the television film A Rather English Marriage  ( 1998 )  and television roles in Wives and Daughters  ( 1999 )  and Love in a Cold Climate  ( 2001 )  , she received international recognition for her film debut as Bond girl Miranda Frost in Die Another Day  ( 2002 )  , for which she received the Empire Award for Best Newcomer .
He has also directed and co-written films , including his directorial debut , Keeping the Faith  ( 2000 )  .
It is the fourth-most populous city in Australia , with an estimated population of 2.06 million living in Greater Perth .
The story takes place after the events of the 1991 Game Boy game , Metroid II : Return of Samus .
The film stars Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie in a world where people can only tell the truth .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
Branson 's Virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s , as he set up Virgin Atlantic airline and expanded the Virgin Records music label .
Hotel Hell is an American reality television series created , hosted and narrated by Gordon Ramsay that premiered on the Fox network on August 13 , 2012 .
Mark Cuban  ( born July 31 , 1958 )  is an American businessman , investor , author , television personality , and philanthropist .
Earp spent his early life in Iowa .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
Herzog is considered one of the greatest figures of the New German Cinema , along with Rainer Werner Fassbinder , Margarethe von Trotta , Volker Schlöndorff , Werner Schröter , and Wim Wenders .
The Black Panther  ( T'Challa )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Although critics on the right denounced him as a communist terrorist and those on the radical left deemed him too eager to negotiate and reconcile with apartheid 's supporters , he gained international acclaim for his activism .
In the United States and United Kingdom it was known as Prisoner : Cell Block H , with the same title and Caged Women in Canada .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Drax the Destroyer  ( Arthur Douglas )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Stardust  ( 2007 )  is a film adaptation of the 1999 Neil Gaiman novel of the same name , Stardust .
Whiplash is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle , depicting the relationship between an ambitious jazz student  ( Miles Teller )  and an aggressive instructor  ( J. K. Simmons )  .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
Italy  ( Italia  [ iˈtaːlja ]  )  , officially the Italian Republic  (  [ Repubblica italiana , links = no ]  )  , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe .
Drop Dead Gorgeous is a 1999 American black comedy film directed by Michael Patrick Jann and starring Kirstie Alley , Ellen Barkin , Kirsten Dunst , Allison Janney , Denise Richards , Brittany Murphy , and Amy Adams in her film debut .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player .
Michael Richard Pence  ( born June 7 , 1959 )  is an American politician , lawyer , and the 48th and current Vice President of the United States .
The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad .
Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo , with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander , Dick Cavett , Susan Lynch , John Krasinski , Rachel Covey , and Mia Dillon .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
All four of their studio albums have received nominations for the Best Alternative Music Album Grammy ; the band 's work has also been named three times as a shortlist nominee for the Polaris Music Prize : in 2007 for Neon Bible , in 2011 for The Suburbs and in 2014 for Reflektor , winning the award for The Suburbs .
Xi Jinping  (  [ - cmnɕǐ tɕìn.pʰǐŋ ]  , ; born 15 June 1953 )  is the current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China , President of the People 's Republic of China , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission .
It is approximately 1070 km east-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina ; 1236 km south of Cape Sable Island , Nova Scotia ; and 1578 km north of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
He came to prominence after appearing in MTV 's Jackass crew .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
From 2006 to 2011 , he co-starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus .
Vikrant Massey is an Indian actor .
Tokyo  (  [ toːkjoː ]  ,  [ langˈtoʊki.oʊ ]  )  , officially Tokyo Metropolis , is the capital of Japan and one of its 47 prefectures .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
The head of state is Queen Elizabeth II , who holds the title of Lord of Mann .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
Pope John Paul II is a 2005 television miniseries dramatizing the life of Pope John Paul II  ( Karol Józef Wojtyła )  from his early adult years in Poland to his death at age 84 .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking , maintaining a healthy weight , not drinking too much alcohol , eating plenty of vegetables , fruits and whole grains , vaccination against certain infectious diseases , not eating too much processed and red meat , and avoiding too much sunlight exposure .
Justinian I  (  [ dʒʌˈstɪniən ]  Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus Augustus Φλάβιος Πέτρος Σαββάτιος Ἰουστινιανός Flávios Pétros Sabbátios Ioustinianós )   ( 482 14 November 565 )  , traditionally known as Justinian the Great and also Saint Justinian the Great in the Eastern Orthodox Church , was a Byzantine  ( East Roman )  emperor from 527 to 565 .
Sir James Paul McCartney ,  ( born 18 June 1942 )  is an English singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and composer .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs of a major male superhero , and predates the introduction of Superman 's female cousin Supergirl  ( also created by Otto Binder )  by more than a decade .
is a Japanese animation studio , founded in 1979 by former employees of Tatsunoko Production and Mushi Production .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .
Set during the Cold War , the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan , who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers -- a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960 -- in exchange for Rudolf Abel , a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States , whom he represented at trial .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park , California .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision .
She was renowned for her contralto vocals and attained international stardom that continued throughout a career spanning more than 40 years as an actress in musical and dramatic roles , as a recording artist , and on concert stages .
Harald V  (  [ ˈhɑrːɑɫ ]  ; born 21 February 1937 )  is the King of Norway , having ascended the throne following the death of his father on 17 January 1991 .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia , as well as a Golden Globe , an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a People 's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump .
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a South Korean television series starring Lee Sung-kyung in the title role .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
is a Japanese animation studio and production enterprise .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven , and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise .
Amaze was founded by serial entrepreneur Dan Elenbaas and his business partners Todd Gilbertsen and David Mann .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
The band has gone through several phases ; its strongest commercial success occurred between 1978 and 1987 .
A member of the Democratic Party , he is best known for his investigations into the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
Following appearances in several television commercials , she entered the Miss India pageant , in which she placed second .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad  ( 2007 )  .
The screenplay is written by Moira Buffini based on the 1847 novel of the same name by Charlotte Brontë .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
Detroit  (  [ dᵻˈtrɔɪt ]  )  is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest city on the United States -- Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County .
After either ten batsmen have been dismissed or a fixed number of overs have been completed , the innings ends and the two teams then swap roles .
During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' .
Mickey Charles Mantle  ( October 20 , 1931 -- August 13 , 1995 )  , nicknamed The Commerce Comet and The Mick , was an American professional baseball player .
Zootopia  ( known as Zootropolis in some territories )  is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated buddy comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
Michael Richard Pence  ( born June 7 , 1959 )  is an American politician , lawyer , and the 48th and current Vice President of the United States .
Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
It is bound by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south .
The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus .
Lee Harvey Oswald  ( October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 )  was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 .
The film features Vijay , Surya , Kausalya and Simran in lead roles .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
After graduating college , Angle won a gold medal in freestyle wrestling at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships .
In 2016 , Britton had a recurring role as socialite Faye Resnick in the first season of FX true crime anthology series American Crime Story .
Tale of Tales is a 2015 European dark fantasy film , directed by Matteo Garrone , starring Salma Hayek , Vincent Cassel , Toby Jones , and John C. Reilly .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Eragon is a 2006 British-American action-fantasy film directed by Stefen Fangmeier  ( in his directorial debut )  and written by Peter Buchman , based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Paolini .
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized , long-range , narrow-body , four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979 .
Although it is set in Seattle at the fictional Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital  ( formerly Seattle Grace )  it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles , California .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Bahrain  (  [ bɑːˈreɪn ]  البحرين )  , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain , is a small Arab monarchy in the Arabian Gulf .
From 1999 to 2002 , Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans on the television series Roswell .
Dangerously in Love is the debut studio album by American singer Beyoncé .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Asia is Earth 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe and shares the continental landmass of Afro-Eurasia with both Europe and Africa .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Marcus David Maron  (  [ ˈmærən ]  ; born September 27 , 1963 )  is an American stand-up comedian , podcaster , writer , actor , musician , director , and producer .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Created by Bob Kane , David Wood , and Sheldon Moldoff , the character first appeared in Batman # 121  ( February 1959 )  , where he was known as Mr. Zero .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
Darth Vader , also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker , is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Detroit  (  [ dᵻˈtrɔɪt ]  )  is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest city on the United States -- Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County .
Significant praise was directed towards the performances of Foy in the leading role and John Lithgow as Winston Churchill , and Foy received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and Lithgow the Best Actor at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards , among other accolades , including at the 74th Golden Globe Awards and the 7th Critics ' Choice Television Awards .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
New Girl is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Fox on September 20 , 2011 .
He first received attention as `` Stiles '' Stilinski in the MTV series Teen Wolf , and transitioned to film in projects such as The First Time , The Internship and Deepwater Horizon , and as the lead in the dystopian science-fiction adventure series The Maze Runner , consisting of The Maze Runner and its sequel , Maze Runner : The Scorch Trials .
Minnesota 's standard of living index is among the highest in the United States , and the state is also among the best-educated and wealthiest in the nation .
Mickey Rooney  ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 )  was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality .
The group consists of AJ McLean , Howie D. , Nick Carter , Kevin Richardson , and Brian Littrell .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
The screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. and David Rayfiel was adapted from the 1974 novel Six Days of the Condor by James Grady .
He is known for his singles `` What They Want '' and `` Losin Control '' , which peaked respectively at number 83 and 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
Her first film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy , and in the early 1990s she frequently collaborated with her then husband , actor and director Kenneth Branagh .
Wagner 's autobiography , Pieces of My Heart : A Life , written with author Scott Eyman , was published on September 23 , 2008 .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VIII -- The Last Jedi )  is an upcoming American epic space opera film written and directed by Rian Johnson .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
Kumail Nanjiani  ( born February 21 , 1978 )  is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian , actor , writer , and podcast host .
The second installment of the John Wick series , the plot follows hitman John Wick , who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head .
Phantoms is a 1998 American science fiction horror film adapted from Dean Koontz 's 1983 novel of the same name .
After training under the theatre director Arvind Gaur , Ranaut made her feature film debut in the 2006 thriller Gangster , for which she was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
He was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Most Promising Newcomer for his role as Skank in the 2003 production of In Arabia We 'd All Be Kings , and was awarded the 2003 London Evening Standard Theatre Award for Outstanding Newcomer for his performances in both In Arabia We 'd All be Kings and for his role as Luca in Blood .
He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies .
It is the sequel to the 2014 film Divergent and the second installment in The Divergent Series , produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
Notable films include The Trap  ( 1966 )  , Oliver !
Nicole Elizabeth `` Snooki '' LaValle  ( née Polizzi ; born November 23 , 1987 )  is an American reality television personality , author , dancer and professional wrestler who is best known for being a cast member of the MTV reality show Jersey Shore and starring in Snooki & Jwoww .
Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones  ( 2009 )  .
The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , one of 13 United States courts of appeals , and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks .
Koepp is the fifth most successful screenwriter of all time in terms of U.S. box office receipts with a total gross of over $ 2.3 billion .
The film premiered in Japan on April 15 , 1995 , in a longer version  ( 103 mins )  that is closer to the director 's cut , featuring a score by Mychael Danna and different editing .
Kumail Nanjiani  ( born February 21 , 1978 )  is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian , actor , writer , and podcast host .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit , composed of hundreds to thousands of individual flowers , and it is the fleshy petals that are eaten .
In March 2016 , Sharapova revealed she had failed a drug test at the 2016 Australian Open on January 26 , 2016 .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character .
The band 's seventh studio album , California , was released on July 1 , 2016 .
Zidane received the Golden Ball for player of the tournament at the 2006 World Cup , despite his infamous sending off in the final against Italy for headbutting Marco Materazzi in the chest .
Sindh also borders the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan to the east , and Arabian Sea to the south .
It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the dissolution of Nirvana after the death of Kurt Cobain .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
He is considered one of the greatest and best-known French writers .
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
He first made a name for himself as a film producer , and then became an influential figure in the aviation industry .
As an `` alpha '' global city , Mexico City is one of the most important financial centers in the Americas .
He is the primary anchor of the CNN news show Anderson Cooper 360 ° .
The band was formed in 2009 by lead vocalist Tyler Joseph along with former members Nick Thomas and Chris Salih , who eventually left in 2011 , and currently consists of Joseph and drummer Josh Dun .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
In 2013 , TV Guide ranked The Golden Girls number 54 on its list of the 60 Best Series of All Time .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
As of May 2017 , he is ranked as the world 's best middleweight by BoxRec and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board , and second best by The Ring .
It is additionally packaged with the reissue of her second studio album Born to Die  ( 2012 )  , titled Born to Die : The Paradise Edition .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated action-fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Curtis James Jackson III  ( born July 6 , 1975 )  , known professionally as 50 Cent , is an American rapper , actor , businessman , and investor .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
In 2014 , Del Rey released her third studio album , Ultraviolence ; it became her first number-one album in the United States .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
The municipality of Detroit had a 2015 estimated population of 677,116 , making it the 21st-most populous city in the United States .
Gone with the Wind is a novel by American writer Margaret Mitchell , first published in 1936 .
While the brown bear 's range has shrunk and it has faced local extinctions , it remains listed as a least concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  ( IUCN )  with a total population of approximately 200,000 .
Greece  ( Ελλάδα ,  [ eˈlaða ]  )  , officially the Hellenic Republic  ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ,  [ eliniˈci ðimokraˈti.a ]  )  , historically also known as Hellas  ( Ἑλλάς ,  [ heˈlas ]  , modern pronunciation Ellás )  , is a country in southeastern Europe , with a population of approximately 11 million as of 2015 .
NSYNC  ( sometimes stylized as * NSYNC or 'N Sync )  was an American boy band formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich .
He won the March 2012 presidential election with 64 % of the vote , a result which aligned with pre-election polling .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Ivanka Marie Trump  (  [ iˈvɑːŋkə ]  born October 30 , 1981 )  is an American businesswoman and former fashion model who is currently assistant to President Donald Trump .
The film was produced by Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions .
It is the first film in the American Pie theatrical series .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
He was born in Wohlen bei Bern , Switzerland .
Benjamin Franklin , an associate of Galloway , was also a partner with the Chronicle .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Kaminey  ( Rascal )  is a 2009 Indian caper thriller film directed by Vishal Bhardwaj and featuring Shahid Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Amol Gupte in the lead roles .
On the CBS TV show The Good Wife , he earned Emmy nominations for three consecutive years for his recurring role as crafty attorney Louis Canning .
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
The Uruguay national football team represents Uruguay in international association football and is controlled by the Uruguayan Football Association , the governing body for football in Uruguay .
Henry VIII  ( 28 June 1491 -- 28 January 1547 )  was King of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .
Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Smith 's first television role came in 2006 as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of Philip Pullman 's The Ruby in the Smoke and The Shadow in the North , while his first major role in television came as Danny in the 2007 BBC series Party Animals .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Pixar  (  [ ˈpɪksɑr ]  )  , also referred to as Pixar Animation Studios , is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville , California that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide .
She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .
The holiday , which is currently observed every year on the last Monday of May , was held on May 30 from 1868-1971 .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
The New York Times has won 122 Pulitzer Prizes , more than any other newspaper .
The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger , Bob Kane , and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman  ( April 25 , 1940 )  published by DC Comics .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
Johnny Mnemonic is a 1995 Canadian-American cyberpunk action thriller film directed by Robert Longo in his directorial debut .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
More than 11,000 athletes from 205 National Olympic Committees , including first time entrants Kosovo , South Sudan , and the Refugee Olympic Team , took part .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco  ( born February 16 , 1982 )  , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco  (  [ ˈluːpeɪ ]  )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
A number of consistent techniques have evolved in volleyball , including spiking and blocking  ( because these plays are made above the top of the net , the vertical jump is an athletic skill emphasized in the sport )  as well as passing , setting , and specialized player positions and offensive and defensive structures .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Andre Kirk Agassi  (  [ ˈɑːndreɪ ˈæɡəsi ]  born April 29 , 1970 )  is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in South Norwood , London , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
The film was a critical and commercial success , grossing $ 565 million worldwide against its $ 185 million budget and making it the fifth highest-grossing film of 2017 .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
Sweden maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens .
Set in a near-future New England , in a totalitarian theocracy that has overthrown the United States government , the novel explores themes of women in subjugation and the various means by which they gain individualism and independence .
In Greek mythology Minos  (  [ ˈmaɪnɒs ]  or  [ ˈmaɪnəs ]  Μίνως , Minōs )  was the first King of Crete , son of Zeus and Europa .
The screenplay is by Travis Beacham and del Toro , with a story by Beacham .
It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16 , 1903 .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Pacific Blue is an American crime drama series about a team of police officers with the Santa Monica Police Department who patrolled its beaches on bicycles .
His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards , PGA Awards , Golden Globe Awards , and Academy Awards .
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  (  [ neɡ̊olaɪ̯ kʰʌsd̥ɐ ˈʋald̥ɑʊ̯ ]  ; born 27 July 1970 )  is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
Leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells .
Wayne Mark Rooney  (  [ ˈruːni ]  born 24 October 1985 )  is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains both Manchester United and the England national team .
Quebec  ( pronounced  [ audio = En-Quebec .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
Jawbreaker is a 1999 American black comedy film written and directed by Darren Stein .
Due to cultural , political and historical reasons , Italy is a Western European country .
He was the son of Sylvester Stallone .
Based on a T.R.U. Story is the debut studio album by American rapper 2 Chainz .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Diego da Silva Costa  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ða ˈsilβa ˈkosta ]  ,  [ ˈdʒjeɡu dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈkɔstɐ ]  ; born 7 October 1988 )  , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team .
In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
First published in 1961 , it is the world 's second-most widely read English-language business newspaper , after the Wall Street Journal , with a readership of over 800,000 .
Although the show received average ratings throughout its run , and never won any major television awards , it has since come to be regarded by many critics as one of the greatest television series of all time .
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock  ( 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 )  was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
According to the Sunday Times Rich List , by April 2013 , they had an estimated personal combined wealth of # 25 million  ( $ 41.2 m )  making them the second-wealthiest musicians in the UK under 30 years of age .
Joy is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film , written and directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence as Joy Mangano , about whom the story is loosely based as a self-made millionaire who created her own business empire .
Black was the bassist in Elvis Presley 's early trio after which he formed Bill Black 's Combo .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Bungie , Inc. is an American video game developer located in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
The Getaway is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released through Warner Bros. on June 17 , 2016 .
Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .
Gucci  (  [ guːtʃi ]   [ ˈɡuttʃi ]  )  is an Italian luxury brand of fashion and leather goods , part of the Gucci Group , which is owned by the French holding company Kering .
Walter Elias Disney  (  [ ˈdɪzni ]  December 5 , 1901December 15 , 1966 )  was an American entrepreneur , animator , voice actor and film producer .
Charles Lewis Haley  ( born January 6 , 1964 )  is a former American football linebacker and defensive end who played in the National Football League  ( NFL )  for the San Francisco 49ers  ( 1986 -- 1991 , 1998 -- 1999 )  and the Dallas Cowboys  ( 1992 -- 1996 )  .
The film serves as a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise , and stars Queen Latifah as Gina , a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2 : Back in Business .
Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products .
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Champion is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film based on a short story by Ring Lardner .
In March 2012 , he was listed by Forbes magazine as one of the richest Russians with an estimated fortune of $ 1.1 billion .
Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre , such as acting , scenery , and costumes and sometimes includes dance .
Jane Eyre  [ ˈɛər ]   ( originally published as Jane Eyre : An Autobiography )  is a novel by English writer Charlotte Brontë .
Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character .
From 2004 to 2006 , Khaled assisted in the production of the hip-hop albums Real Talk by Fabolous , True Story by Terror Squad , All or Nothing and Me , Myself , & I by Fat Joe .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Kmart Corporation  ( sometimes stylized as K-Mart )  is a chain of big box department stores headquartered in Hoffman Estates , Illinois , United States .
She has won five Grand Slam singles titles , twelve Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and five Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ; for a combined total of twenty-two major titles .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
The Government of France honoured him with its highest civilian honour , Knight of the Legion of Honour , in 2007 for his exceptional career in the world of cinema and beyond .
She made her film debut in the musical comedy Camp  ( 2003 )  .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Edward Thomas Hardy
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
He produced The Departed  ( 2006 )  and 12 Years a Slave  ( 2013 )  , both of which won the Academy Award for Best Picture , and also The Tree of Life , Moneyball , and The Big Short  ( 2015 )  , all of which garnered Best Picture nominations .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Mangoes are juicy stone fruit  ( drupe )  from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
Norway  (  [ Norgehelp = no ]   ( Bokmål )  or  ( Nynorsk )  )  , officially the Kingdom of Norway , is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard .
Chris Hemsworth  ( born 11 August 1983 )  is an Australian actor .
He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls  ( the other being Charles Haley )  , the only quarterback to win five and the only player to win them all playing for one team .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
The first film , Underworld , was released in 2003 .
The film 's plot centers on a group of four outcast teenage girls who pursue witchcraft for their own gain , but soon encounter negative repercussions from their actions .
Alexander Hamilton  ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757July 12 , 1804 )  was an American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Rhode Island  (  [ roʊd ˈaɪlənd ]  )  , officially the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
It was immediately successful , winning the Pulitzer Prize , and has become a classic of modern American literature .
Heywood `` Woody '' Allen  ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 )  is an American director , writer , actor , comedian , playwright , and musician whose career spans more than six decades .
Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .
Julian Paul Assange  (  [ əˈsɒnʒ ]  born Julian Paul Hawkins , 3 July 1971 )  is an Australian computer programmer and the founder of WikiLeaks , an organisation which he founded in 2006 .
He was first elected to the Senate in 1972 , and became the sixth-youngest senator in U.S. history .
Among the 208 episodes , there were only four directors : Pamela Fryman  ( 196 episodes )  , Rob Greenberg  ( 7 episodes )  , Michael Shea  ( 4 episodes )  , and Neil Patrick Harris  ( 1 episode )  .
The film was directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan , based on a 2004 documentary about Doss , and stars Andrew Garfield as Doss , with Sam Worthington , Luke Bracey , Teresa Palmer , Hugo Weaving , Rachel Griffiths and Vince Vaughn in supporting roles .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Glenn Close  ( born March 19 , 1947 )  is an American actress , singer and film producer .
The tower 's steel structure was topped out on August 30 , 2012 .
Peter Dougan Capaldi  ( born 14 April 1958 )  is a Scottish actor , writer and director , best known for playing the twelfth incarnation of the Doctor in the television series Doctor Who .
William Patton `` Bill '' Black , Jr.  ( September 17 , 1926 -- October 21 , 1965 )  was an American musician and bandleader who is noted as one of the pioneers of rock and roll music .
Katherine Marie Heigl  (  [ ˈhaɪɡəl ]  born November 24 , 1978 )  is an American actress , film producer and former fashion model .
Slovenia  (  [ sloʊˈviːniə ,   slə - ,   - njə ]  ; Slovenija  [ slɔˈʋéːnija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Slovenia  ( Slovene : , abbr. : RS )  , is a nation state in southern Central Europe , located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration  ( NASA  [ ˈnæsə ]  )  is an independent agency of the executive branch of the United States federal government responsible for the civilian space program , as well as aeronautics and aerospace research .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
It is located on the China-Pakistan border between Baltistan , in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of northern Pakistan , and the Taxkorgan Tajik Autonomous County of Xinjiang , China .
1 )  is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' '  ( born May 31 , 1930 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
Gopi Sunder is a National Award-winning Indian musician , film score composer , programmer and singer .
The winner was Matt Cardle and his debut single `` When We Collide '' was released after the final .
It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .
He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory .
It is a live-action film adaptation of E. C. Segar 's Popeye comic strip and stars Robin Williams as Popeye the Sailor Man and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl .
Karl Rudolf Gerd von Rundstedt  ( 12 December 1875 -- 24 February 1953 )  was a Field Marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
Her first screen role was at the age of two in the BBC series Growing Pains .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
He served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 to 2011 .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
Carpenter began recording the album in 2015 after releasing her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open .
The Clementine Chapel , also known as La Clementina , is a particular Roman Catholic chapel located within the underground necropolitan grottoes of Saint Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
Frank Vincent Zappa  ( December 21 , 1940 -- December 4 , 1993 )  was an American musician , activist and filmmaker .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
In wider Germanic mythology and paganism , Odin was known in Old English as Wōden , in Old Saxon as Wōdan , and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wōtan , all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wōđanaz .
Dillinger is best known for his membership in the duo Tha Dogg Pound , alongside Kurupt , as well as his work with Death Row Records .
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner , and he works to free his father from service to Davy Jones .
From 1998 to 2003 , Neal starred as Yvonne Hughley in the ABC/UPN sitcom The Hughleys .
Co-produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios , and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing , it is intended to be the second reboot of the Spider-Man film franchise and the sixteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
It was a major commercial success , grossing more than $ 392 million worldwide during its original theatrical run to become Scorsese 's highest-grossing movie and the 17th-highest-grossing film of 2013 .
Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
King Kong is a 2005 epic monster adventure film co-written , produced , and directed by Peter Jackson .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
NSYNC  ( sometimes stylized as * NSYNC or 'N Sync )  was an American boy band formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
As of May 2017 , he is ranked as the world 's best middleweight by BoxRec and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board , and second best by The Ring .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Oakland  [ ˈoʊklənd ]  is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County , California , United States .
The draft was held April 18 -- 19 , 1998 , at the Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York .
She is the daughter of Aerosmith 's lead singer , Steven Tyler , and model Bebe Buell .
Appian Way Productions is a film production company in West Hollywood , California , established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
A remake of the movie premiered in the United States on March 19 , 2004 .
Young began performing in a group covering Shadows instrumentals in Canada in 1960 .
Pablo F. Fenjves  ( born 16 August 1953 )  is an American screenwriter and ghostwriter based in Los Angeles , California .
The eighth child of the Jackson family , Michael made his professional debut in 1964 with his elder brothers Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5 .
Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10 , 2012 , with international broadcasting taking place in late 2012 .
His April 2010 performance of Lady Gaga 's `` Paparazzi '' at a sixth-grade music festival went viral on YouTube , gaining widespread attention and over 59 million views as of May 2017 , as well as an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show shortly afterward .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
The son of jazz musician Olu Dara , Nas has released eight consecutive platinum and multi-platinum albums and has sold over 25,000,000 records worldwide .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
Nineteen Eighty-Four , often published as 1984 , is a dystopian novel published in 1949 by English author George Orwell .
He got his first Filmfare Award for Best Music Director in the 58th Filmfare Awards South for Anwar  ( 2010 )  .
Kevin Wayne Durant  ( born September 29 , 1988 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
On television , she was cast as part of the main cast in the eighth season of the drama series Beverly Hills 90210 as single mother Carly Reynolds from 1997 to 1998 .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
Gold is a chemical element with symbol Au  ( from aurum )  and atomic number 79 .
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
Super Metroid is a 2D side-scrolling action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo and released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 .
Donald McNichol Sutherland ,  ( born 17 July 1935 )  is a Canadian actor whose film career spans five decades .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
In 2008 and 2009 , Lohan worked as a fashion model and launched the clothing line 6126 .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
It is the beginning of the Cenozoic Era of the present Phanerozoic Eon .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
Gillian MacLaren Jacobs  (  [ ˈɡɪliən ]  born October 19 , 1982 )  is an American actress .
It is the coldest planetary atmosphere in the Solar System , with a minimum temperature of 49 K , and has a complex , layered cloud structure with water thought to make up the lowest clouds and methane the uppermost layer of clouds .
The show stars Beatrice Arthur , Betty White , Rue McClanahan , and Estelle Getty , as four older women who share a home in Miami , Florida .
Since that time , most US space exploration efforts have been led by NASA , including the Apollo Moon landing missions , the Skylab space station , and later the Space Shuttle .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
The film is a reboot of the King Kong franchise and serves as the second film in Legendary 's MonsterVerse .
James Carothers `` Jim '' Garrison  ( born Earling Carothers Garrison ; November 20 , 1921 -- October 21 , 1992 )  was the District Attorney of Orleans Parish , Louisiana , from 1962 to 1973 .
The film follows a police detective , Nick Curran  ( Douglas )  , who is investigating the brutal murder of a wealthy rock star .
A dose of purified ricin powder the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human .
She is best known as Sue Sylvester on Glee .
She attended Brigham Young University  ( BYU )  , married Mitt Romney in 1969 , and in 1975 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in French .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
The plot deals with the sacrifices that contestants in the Miss America pageant typically must make .
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova  ( Мари́я Ю́рьевна Шара́пова ; born April 19 , 1987 )  is a Russian professional tennis player .
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net .
The film stars Sigourney Weaver , Felicity Jones , Toby Kebbell , Lewis MacDougall , and Liam Neeson , and tells the story of Conor  ( MacDougal )  , a child whose mother  ( Jones )  is terminally ill ; one night , he is visited by a giant tree-like monster  ( Neeson )  , who states that he will come back and tell him three stories .
She is mostly known for her starring role as Blair Waldorf in the drama series Gossip Girl  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
The album produced seven singles including the international hits `` Diamonds '' and `` Stay '' .
Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie , Lady Mallowan , DBE  ( née Miller ; 15 September 1890 -- 12 January 1976 )  was an English crime novelist , short story writer and playwright .
Jesus was a Galilean Jew who was baptized by John the Baptist and subsequently began his own ministry , preaching his message orally and often being referred to as `` rabbi '' .
Elba has appeared in films such as Ridley Scott 's American Gangster  ( 2007 )  , Takers  ( 2010 )  , Thor  ( 2011 )  , Prometheus  ( 2012 )  , Pacific Rim  ( 2013 )  , Thor : The Dark World  ( 2013 )  and Beasts of No Nation  ( 2015 , for which he received BAFTA and Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actor )  , and Star Trek Beyond  ( 2016 )  .
Vienna is Austria 's primary city , with a population of about 1.8 million  ( 2.6 million within the metropolitan area , nearly one third of Austria 's population )  , and its cultural , economic , and political centre .
He is the son of Jada Pinkett Smith and Will Smith .
His brother , Jeb Bush , a former Governor of Florida , was a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game .
The Weeknd  ( born Abel Makkonen Tesfaye ; February 16 , 1990 )  is a Canadian singer , songwriter , and record producer .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Many of the valleys run roughly parallel to each other .
Grunge  ( sometimes referred to as the Seattle sound )  is a subgenre of alternative rock and a subculture that emerged during the in the Pacific Northwest U.S. state of Washington , particularly in Seattle and nearby towns .
In Her Shoes is a 2005 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Jennifer Weiner .
The miniseries was written by Richard Price and Steven Zaillian and directed by Zaillian and James Marsh .
Edge of Tomorrow  ( alternatively known by its tagline Live .
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
Sons of Anarchy premiered on September 3 , 2008 , on cable network FX .
John Dennis Hastert  (  [ ˈhæstərt ]  born January 2 , 1942 )  is an American former congressman who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007 , representing from 1987 to 2007 .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher , it contained many of Bochco 's trademark features including an ensemble cast , large number of parallel storylines , social drama , and off-the-wall humor .
It is an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller ones such as Mona , Culebra , and Vieques .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
As a botanist and cartographer he left his mark , giving his name to several seaweeds , plants and shrubs , and places such as D'Urville Island .
Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks Pictures .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
It is the sequel to the 2014 film Divergent and the second installment in The Divergent Series , produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback .
It is a part of the University System of Georgia and has satellite campuses in Savannah , Georgia ; Metz , France ; Athlone , Ireland ; Shenzhen , China ; and Singapore .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
He mainly concentrated on comedies and literary adaptations .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group .
In 2007 , she starred as a princess in the commercially successful Disney musical film Enchanted .
The octopus  (  [ ˈɒktpəs ]  or ~  [ əpʊs ]  )  is a soft-bodied , eight-armed mollusc of the order Octopoda .
Vikram 's portrayal of Veeraiya , a tribal leader inspired by the Ramayana character Ravana , in Mani Ratnam 's Raavanan saw him secure further accolades , as did his appearance as a mentally challenged adult with the maturity of a six-year-old boy in Deiva Thirumagal  ( 2011 )  .
Telangana is bordered by the states of Maharashtra to the north and north west , Chhattisgarh to the north , Karnataka to the west and Andhra Pradesh to the east and south .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
Fergie Duhamel  (  [ ˈfɜːrɡi dəˈmɛl ]  )   ( born Stacy Ann Ferguson ; March 27 , 1975 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actress .
By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
Based on an idea that came to Martin while writing the 1981 novel Windhaven , Tyrion has been called one of the author 's finest creations and most popular characters by The New York Times .
Alandi  ( Marathi : आळंदी )  is a town and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
As a model , she has been featured in the magazines Teen Vogue and Seventeen .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Set against the backdrop of the Mumbai underworld , Kaminey follows a rivalry between a pair of twins , one with a lisp and the other with a stutter , over the course of a single day .
Apart from its coastline with the South China Sea , the country is completely surrounded by the state of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
More than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
The film was written and directed by George Nolfi , produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
The character was first introduced as a Russian spy , an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man .
Asteroid Day  ( also known as International Asteroid Day )  is an annual global event that aims to raise awareness about asteroids and what can be done to protect the Earth , its families , communities , and future generations .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
He has also starred in films , such as The Hangover trilogy  ( 2009 -- 2013 )  , Due Date  ( 2010 )  , The Campaign  ( 2012 )  , Birdman or  ( The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance )   ( 2014 )  , Puss in Boots  ( 2011 )  , Masterminds  ( 2016 )  and The Lego Batman Movie  ( 2017 )  .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
It was created and written by Chris Chibnall and produced by Kudos Film and Television , Shine America , and Imaginary Friends .
Set and filmed in Birmingham , it featured many landmarks from the city , including Gas Street Basin , Alpha Tower , the Council House  ( as a hotel )  , Spaghetti Junction , New Street , Corporation Street , Central Library and the Hall of Memory .
Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin  (  [ moˈɾenɐ ˈbakaɾĩ ]  ; born June 2 , 1979 )  is a Brazilian American actress .
Constance Elaine Britton  ( née Womack ; born March 6 , 1967 )  is an American actress , singer and producer .
The Olympic Games are considered the world 's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
He was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards , for projects such as the television series Kung Fu  ( 1972 -- 1975 )  , the Woody Guthrie biopic Bound for Glory  ( 1976 )  and the miniseries North and South  ( 1985 )  .
It stars Dan Aykroyd , John Candy , Stephanie Faracy and Annette Bening in her film debut .
Hippocrates of Kos  (  [ hɪˈpɒkrəˌtiːz ]  Ἱπποκράτης Hippokrátēs ; 460 -- 370 BC )  , also known as Hippocrates II , was a Greek physician of the Age of Pericles  ( Classical Greece )  , and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine .
The film stars Shaquille O'Neal as John Henry Irons and his alter-ego Steel , Annabeth Gish as his wheelchair-using partner Susan Sparks , and Judd Nelson as their rival Nathaniel Burke .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
Boomerang is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin .
Humphrey helped found the Minnesota Democratic -- Farmer -- Labor Party  ( DFL )  in 1944 , and in 1945 , became the DFL candidate for mayor of Minneapolis for a second time , winning with 61 % of the vote .
They developed a culture of custodianship and time-related technologies based on this perception which includes strictly controlled space/time travel machines  ( known as `` TARDISes '' )  and monitoring devices to travel through time and to prevent time from being subverted or abused -- although actual action was described as rare in practice due to their traditional policy of strict non-interference and neutrality .
It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and shot in the 70 mm Todd-AO format , with a screenplay adapted by Mankiewicz , Ranald MacDougall and Sidney Buchman from a book by Carlo Maria Franzero .
Following the Age of Discovery , Christianity spread to the Americas , Australasia , sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world through missionary work and colonization .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
His Marxist -- Leninist theories , military strategies , and political policies are collectively known as Maoism or Marxism-Leninism-Maoism .
The 79th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , honored the best films of 2006 and took place February 25 , 2007 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. .
Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s , and over the next decade included several films and television series .
Reba Nell McEntire  ( born March 28 , 1955 )  is an American country singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Qatar  (  [ ˈkætɑːr ]  ,  [ kəˈtɑːr ]  قطر  [ ˈqɑtˤɑr ]  Local vernacular pronunciation :  [ ˈɡɪtˤɑr ]  )  , officially the State of Qatar , is a sovereign country located in Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Loni Love  ( born July 12 , 1970 or 1971 )  is an American comedian and actress .
The town is popular as a place of pilgrimage for being the resting place or  ( Samadhi )  of the 13th century Marathi Bhakti saint , Sant Dnyaneshwar
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
Jessica Michelle Chastain  ( born March 24 , 1977 )  is an American actress and film producer .
It was broadcast on Sunday at 9:00 pm in the United States , consisting of 10 episodes , each running approximately 50 -- 60 minutes .
The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player .
Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher , it contained many of Bochco 's trademark features including an ensemble cast , large number of parallel storylines , social drama , and off-the-wall humor .
Baahubali : The Beginning  ( stylized as bãhubali ; The One with Strong Arms )  is a 2015 Indian epic historical fiction film directed by S. S. Rajamouli .
The Wolfman is a 2010 American horror drama film and a remake of the 1941 film of the same name .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
Produced by Walt Disney Pictures , Aamir Khan Productions and UTV Motion Pictures , it stars Aamir Khan as Mahavir Singh Phogat , an amateur wrestler , who trains his daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari to be world-class wrestlers , both of who go on to win medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
Colson Baker  ( born April 22 , 1990 )  , better known by his stage names MGK and Machine Gun Kelly , is an American rapper and actor , from Cleveland , Ohio .
The Hopman Cup is an annual international eight-team indoor hardcourt tennis tournament held in Perth , Western Australia in early January  ( sometimes commencing in late December )  each year , which plays mixed-gender teams on a country-by-country basis .
Hungary is a member of the United Nations , NATO , WTO , World Bank , the AIIB , the Council of Europe and Visegrád Group .
The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action spy thriller film starring Robert Ludlum 's Jason Bourne character .
Her relationship with rapper Kanye West has also received significant media coverage ; the couple married in 2014 and they have two children together .
He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s , having appeared in several independent films , and later mainstream Hollywood films , including the Scream trilogy of horror films , Ransom  ( 1996 )  , Phantoms  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , The Omen  ( 2006 )  , X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Taking Woodstock  ( 2009 )  , Salt  ( 2010 )  , Goon  ( 2011 )  , Pawn Sacrifice  ( 2014 )  , and Spotlight  ( 2015 )  .
He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his sophomore album My Way  ( 1997 )  , which spawned his first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number-one single , `` Nice & Slow '' , amongst top-two singles `` You Make Me Wan na ... '' and `` My Way '' .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the romantic comedy-drama Working Girl  ( 1988 )  and the romantic comedy In & Out  ( 1997 )  , as well as one Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the latter .
Matt Cameron became the band 's full-time drummer in 1986 , while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990 .
The most common symptoms are severe itchiness and a pimple-like rash .
The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Joseph Robinette Biden Jr.  (  [ ˈdʒoʊsᵻf rɒbᵻˈnɛt ˈbaɪdən ]  born November 20 , 1942 )  is an American politician who was the 47th Vice President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 , having been jointly elected twice with President Barack Obama .
Stephen William Hawking ,  ( born 8 January 1942 )  is an English theoretical physicist , cosmologist , author and Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge .
They are the first and , so far , only group to win the competition .
Aaliyah Dana Haughton  (  [ ɑ : ˈliːə ]  January 16 , 1979 -- August 25 , 2001 )  was an American singer , actress , and model .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
A dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire-spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
He made his acting debut with the art house drama Mrigayaa  ( 1976 )  , for which he won his first National Film Award for Best Actor .
He composed the scores to the television series Lost , Alias and Fringe , the video ' game series Medal of Honor and Call of Duty and many films such as The Incredibles , Ratatouille , Up , Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , Jurassic World , Inside Out , Star Trek Beyond , Doctor Strange , Rogue One and Spider-Man : Homecoming .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
Justified is an American crime drama television series that premiered on March 16 , 2010 , on the FX network .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
He released two further independent projects later that year , Thursday and Echoes of Silence , before signing to Republic Records in September 2012 .
William Bradley Pitt  ( born December 18 , 1963 )  is an American actor and producer .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
Born during the Great Depression , and raised by his grandparents , Nelson wrote his first song at age seven and joined his first band at ten .
Gabrielle Solis  ( née Marquez , previously Lang )  is a fictional character from the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
He studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Sage Moonblood Stallone  ( May 5 , 1976 -- July 13 , 2012 )  was an American actor , film director , film producer , and film distributor .
Thomas B. Kin Chong  ( born May 24 , 1938 )  is a Canadian-American comedian and actor , who is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin , as well as playing the character Leo on Fox 's That '70s Show .
In 2016 , Pogba was named to the 2015 UEFA Team of the Year as well as the 2015 FIFA FIFPro World XI , after helping Juventus to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final .
She was introduced in the pilot .
With over $ 1 billion in revenue worldwide , it is the 29th-highest-grossing film of all time , unadjusted for inflation .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
Justin Pierre James Trudeau  ( born December 25 , 1971 )  is a Canadian politician .
India , officially the Republic of India  ( Bhārat Gaṇarājya '' )  , is a country in South Asia .
Lightning Point is an Australian television teen drama set in the modern day with fantasy elements .
Among the languages spoken in Tanzania are all four of Africa 's language families : Bantu , Cushitic , Nilotic , and Khoisan .
His other notable starring roles include former Texas Ranger Woodrow F. Call in the TV mini-series Lonesome Dove , Agent K in the Men in Black film series , Sheriff Ed Tom Bell in No Country for Old Men , the villain Two-Face in Batman Forever , terrorist William Strannix in Under Siege , a Texas Ranger in Man of the House , rancher Pete Perkins in The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada , which he directed , Colonel Chester Phillips in Captain America : The First Avenger , CIA Director Robert Dewey in Jason Bourne and Warden Dwight McClusky in Natural Born Killers .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 55th Grammy Awards , but lost to Take Care by Drake .
Featuring the DC Comics character Batman , the film is the second part of Nolan 's The Dark Knight Trilogy and a sequel to 2005 's Batman Begins , starring an ensemble cast including Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Heath Ledger , Gary Oldman , Aaron Eckhart , Maggie Gyllenhaal and Morgan Freeman .
Winona Ryder  ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 )  is an American actress .
The group consists of AJ McLean , Howie D. , Nick Carter , Kevin Richardson , and Brian Littrell .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele .
Nepal  (  [ Nepālhelp = no ]  -RCB- -RCB-  [ neˈpal ]  )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia .
Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson  ( born 18 July 1950 )  is an English business magnate , investor and philanthropist .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
Jing Tian  ( born July 21 , 1988 )  is a Chinese actress .
Nicole Mary Kidman , AC  ( born June 20 , 1967 )  is an Australian actress and film producer .
It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki , an adolescent ninja who searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage , the leader of his village .
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
He was succeeded by his eldest daughter , Elizabeth II .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
The unified kingdom of Denmark emerged in the 10th century as a proficient seafaring nation in the struggle for control of the Baltic Sea .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Cruise plays William Cage , a public relations officer with no combat experience , who is ordered by his superior to film the first wave of a crucial landing operation against the aliens .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Despicable Me is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 , 2010 in the United States .
The original cast included John Castle , Tony Selby , Ronald Pickup , Dennis Waterman , William Stewart , Barbara Ferris , Lucy Fleming , Gwen Nelson and Alison Fraser .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman .
It is a four-part adaptation of the 1985 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry and is the first installment in the Lonesome Dove series .
Allen won four Academy Awards : three for Best Original Screenplay and one for Best Director  ( Annie Hall )  .
She was the female vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas from 2002 until 2017 , with whom she had achieved chart success worldwide .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Iceland  (  [ ˈaɪslənd ]   [ ˈistlant ]  )  is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic Ocean .
Directed by David Yates , and written by Adam Cozad and Craig Brewer , the film stars Alexander Skarsgård as the title character , with Samuel L. Jackson , Margot Robbie , Djimon Hounsou , Jim Broadbent and Christoph Waltz in supporting roles .
`` Break on Me ''  ( stylized as `` Break on Me . '' ) 
Bacall also worked on Broadway in musicals , earning Tony Awards for Applause  ( 1970 )  and Woman of the Year  ( 1981 )  .
During the 1960s , she played small television roles before appearing in films and was regularly featured in fashion magazines as a model and cover girl .
He also starred as the lead in the box office success My Bloody Valentine 3D and portrayed Jason Todd in the popular animated film Batman : Under the Red Hood .
Denis Colin Leary  ( born August 18 , 1957 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , singer and comedian .
Produced by Dr. Dre , the track features American rapper Eve , and is a remake of Louchie Lou & Michie One 's 1993 song of the same name , which is in turn an adaptation of the Fiddler on the Roof song `` If I Were a Rich Man '' .
In 1987 , she began modeling at the age of 12 when Herb Ritts photographed her for the cover of the Italian magazine Lei .
Cleopatra is a 1963 American epic historical drama film chronicling the struggles of Cleopatra VII , the young Queen of Egypt , to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome .
It was published anonymously ; By A Lady appears on the cover page where the author 's name might have been .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films including the crime comedy Out of Sight  ( 1998 )  , the biographical film Erin Brockovich  ( 2000 )  , the crime drama film Traffic  ( 2000 )   ( for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director )  , the 2001 remake of the comedy heist film Ocean 's 11 and its two sequels -- known collectively as the Ocean 's Trilogy , the medical thriller Contagion  ( 2011 )  and the comedy-drama Magic Mike  ( 2012 )  .
The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower .
Rautela was crowned
It was published on 16 October 1847 , by Smith , Elder & Co. of London , England , under the pen name `` Currer Bell '' .
The novel is set in Airstrip One  ( formerly known as Great Britain )  , a province of the superstate Oceania in a world of perpetual war , omnipresent government surveillance , and public manipulation .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
Upon its release , Destiny received mixed to positive reviews with criticism centered mostly around the game 's storyline and post-campaign content .
As a singles wrestler , Hardy is a six-time world champion , having held the TNA World Heavyweight Championship three times , the WWE Championship once , and WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship twice .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
Amy Lou Adams  ( born August 20 , 1974 )  is an American actress and singer .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
The tiger  ( Panthera tigris )  is the largest cat species , most recognisable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
Charles , Prince of Wales  ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 )  is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
It is based on the 1957 novel `` The Homecoming Game '' by Howard Nemerov , which was the basis of a successful 1959 Broadway play , called Tall Story , by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are -- in order from northwest to southeast : Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Lānai , Kahoolawe , Maui , and the Island of Hawaii .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Adderall 's active ingredient , amphetamine , shares many chemical and pharmacological properties with the human trace amines , particularly phenethylamine and , the latter of which is a positional isomer of amphetamine .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
The third film , Underworld : Rise of the Lycans , is the prequel to the series , chronicling the origins of the vampire-lycan war  ( it was released on January 23 , 2009 )  .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
The original score composed by Ennio Morricone , the first for a Tarantino film , was Morricone 's first complete Western score in 34 years , and his first score for a high-profile Hollywood production since Brian De Palma 's Mission to Mars in 2000 .
His name of Al Sobrante is a reference to his hometown , El Sobrante .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American Technicolor war film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film .
It stars Saranya Ponvannan , in her 100th film , Vijay Sethupathi and Vasundhra in the lead roles .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
An early role of his was that of the young autistic Jacob `` Jake '' Bohm in the TV series Touch .
The film stars RZA , Russell Crowe , Cung Le , Lucy Liu , Byron Mann , Rick Yune , Dave Bautista , and Jamie Chung .
In films , Spider-Man has been portrayed by actors Tobey Maguire  ( 2002 -- 2007 )  and Andrew Garfield  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , while Tom Holland portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , first appearing in Captain America : Civil War in 2016 .
Yelp was founded in 2004 by former PayPal employees Russel Simmons and Jeremy Stoppelman .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  ; Ulster-Scots : Airlann  [ - scoˈɑːrlən ]  )  is an island in the North Atlantic .
Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed , produced and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
In 2011 , the club became European champions again and won five trophies .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
Hiddleston has also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's War Horse  ( 2011 )  , The Deep Blue Sea  ( 2011 )  , Woody Allen 's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris  ( 2011 )  , the 2012 BBC series Henry IV and Henry V , and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive  ( 2013 )  .
Jeffrey Allen Ament  ( born March 10 , 1963 )  is an American musician and songwriter who serves as the bassist for the American rock band Pearl Jam .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Catherine Tregenna is a Welsh playwright , television scriptwriter and actress .
Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. Dortmund , commonly known as Borussia Dortmund  [ boˈʁʊsi̯aː ˈdɔʁtmʊnt ]  , BVB , or simply Dortmund , is a German sports club based in Dortmund , North Rhine-Westphalia  ( Borussia is the Latin equivalent of Prussia )  .
The group consists of AJ McLean , Howie D. , Nick Carter , Kevin Richardson , and Brian Littrell .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Nineteen Eighty-Four , often published as 1984 , is a dystopian novel published in 1949 by English author George Orwell .
The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon .
He is the first black superhero in mainstream American comics , debuting years before such early African-American superheroes as Marvel Comics ' the Falcon  ( 1969 )  and Luke Cage  ( 1972 )  , and DC Comics ' Green Lantern John Stewart  ( 1971 )  and Black Lightning  ( 1977 )  .
He is widely considered as one of the most popular actors of Hindi cinema , who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
He came to international attention for his role as the Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator , directed by Ridley Scott , for which Crowe won an Academy Award for Best Actor , a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor , an Empire Award for Best Actor and a London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and 10 further nominations for best actor .
24 is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language science fiction thriller film written and directed by Vikram Kumar .
L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .
Belgium  (  [ ˈbɛldʒəm ]  België  [ ˈbɛlɣijə ]  ; Belgique  [ bɛlʒik ]  ; Belgien  [ ˈbɛlɡi̯ən ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea .
James Joseph `` Whitey '' Bulger , Jr.  (  [ ˈbʌldʒə ]  born September 3 , 1929 )  is an Irish-American former organized crime boss of the Winter Hill Gang in Boston .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
His 1998 album Devil Without a Cause sold 14 million copies worldwide .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
On May 10 , 2013 , the final component of the skyscraper 's spire was installed , making the building , including its spire , reach a total height of 1776 ft. Its height in feet is a deliberate reference to the year when the United States Declaration of Independence was signed .
Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones  (  [ nɑːˈsɪər ]  born September 14 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Nas  [ ˈnɑːz ]  , is an American rapper , record producer , actor , and entrepreneur .
He was born in Peekskill , New York , and moved with his parents to Sydney , Australia , when he was 12 years old .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Ryan Murphy co-wrote and directed the film , which opened in the United States on August 13 , 2010 .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
Paul Anthony Pierce  ( born October 13 , 1977 )  is an American former professional basketball player who played 19 seasons in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
T-Pain is the founder of the record label imprint Nappy Boy Entertainment , established in 2005 .
They have also won an American Music Award and five iHeartRadio Music Awards .
It was formed by the Canary hotspot .
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon .
Elvis Aaron Presley  ( January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 )  was an American singer-songwriter and actor .
He started his career at age 19 in the film Endless Love  ( 1981 )  .
While working as an electrical engineer in 2003 , Love began to pursue a career in music engineering .
Characterized by his nasal , sometimes baritone singing , Love has been one of the band 's vocalists and lyricists for most of their career , contributing to each of their studio albums .
Written by series creator and showrunner Charlie Brooker and directed by Owen Harris , it premiered on Netflix on 21 October 2016 , together with the rest of series three .
He is known for his slapstick humor in film , television , stage and radio .
fi
He became famous as Tristan Farnon in the BBC 's television adaptation of James Herriot 's All Creatures Great and Small stories .
Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in South Norwood , London , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football .
It is a British-American venture produced by Legendary Pictures , DC Entertainment , Syncopy Inc. , and Cruel and Unusual Films , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Born and raised in London , he excelled on stage at the National Youth Theatre , before being accepted at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School , which he attended for three years .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
After a critically acclaimed performance in Bus Stop  ( 1956 )  and acting in the first independent production of MMP , The Prince and the Showgirl  ( 1957 )  , she won a Golden Globe for Best Actress for Some Like It Hot  ( 1959 )  .
Cynthia Ann Stephanie `` Cyndi '' Lauper  ( born June 22 , 1953 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress and LGBTQ activist .
Sally Margaret Field  ( born November 6 , 1946 )  is an American actress and director .
The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States .
He is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time .
Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
USS Constitution is a wooden-hulled , three-masted heavy frigate of the United States Navy , named by President George Washington after the Constitution of the United States of America .
 ( 1952 )  , Julius Caesar  ( 1953 )  , The Wild One  ( 1953 )  , Guys and Dolls  ( 1955 )  , Sayonara  ( 1957 )  , Reflections in a Golden Eye  ( 1967 )  , Last Tango in Paris  ( 1972 )  , and Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  .
Father of the Bride is a 1991 American comedy film starring Steve Martin , Diane Keaton , Kimberly Williams  ( in her film debut )  , George Newbern , Martin Short , B. D. Wong , and Kieran Culkin .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
They are based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien , with large portions of the trilogy inspired by the appendices to The Return of the King , which expand on the story told in The Hobbit , as well as new material and characters written especially for the films .
It stars Jennifer Lawrence , Chris Pratt , Michael Sheen , and Laurence Fishburne .
Blunt made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play The Royal Family .
The film is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus and follows the life of Moses from being a prince of Egypt to his ultimate destiny to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt .
It is located in the Valley of Mexico  ( Valle de México )  , a large valley in the high plateaus at the center of Mexico , at an altitude of 2240 m .
Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher .
It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to treat major depression , which it received in 1998 , and is prescribed off-label for other conditions .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
Linux  ( pronounced  [ - en audio = Linus-linux .
There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic historical drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano .
The series is based on A Game of Thrones , the first novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin , adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the romantic comedy-drama Working Girl  ( 1988 )  and the romantic comedy In & Out  ( 1997 )  , as well as one Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the latter .
Eric Arthur Blair  ( 25 June 1903 -- 21 January 1950 )  , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English novelist , essayist , journalist , and critic .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Born and raised in Tennessee , he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child .
Donkey is a fast-talking donkey created by William Steig and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise .
The film stars Tobey Maguire , Kirsten Dunst , James Franco , Thomas Haden Church , Topher Grace , Bryce Dallas Howard , Rosemary Harris , J. K. Simmons , James Cromwell and Cliff Robertson in his final acting appearance before his death in 2011 .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
A humanist , he was a part of the transition between transcendentalism and realism , incorporating both views in his works .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Hawking is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts , a lifetime member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences , and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award in the US .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Liv Rundgren Tyler  ( born Liv Rundgren ; July 1 , 1977 )  is an American actress and former model .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington , New Zealand , Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and the Wellington Girls ' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
Burstyn 's performance in the acclaimed 1971 ensemble drama The Last Picture Show brought her first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination , after which she moved from supporting to leading film and stage roles .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
Brunei  (  [ bruːˈnaɪ ]  , )  , officially the Nation of Brunei , the Abode of Peace  ( Negara Brunei Darussalam , Jawi : )  , is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia .
She wrote the play Art and Guff , co-wrote the series Cowbois ac Injans and four episodes of the BBC 's science fiction drama Torchwood : `` Out of Time '' , `` Captain Jack Harkness '' , `` Meat '' and `` Adam '' .
Zachary Knight Galifianakis  (  [ ˌgælᵻfəˈnækᵻs ]  born October 1 , 1969 )  is an American actor , writer and comedian .
Cars Toons is a series of American computer-animated short films by Pixar .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
The studio hired James Vanderbilt to write the screenplay and Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci to rewrite it .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Through his young adult years , Barbera lived , attended college , and began his career in New York City .
The Comedian is a 2016 American comedy-drama film directed by Taylor Hackford and written by Lewis Friedman , Richard LaGravenese , Art Linson , and Jeff Ross .
The film reboots the Batman film series , telling the origin story of the title character  ( Bale )  , from his alter ego Bruce Wayne 's initial fear of bats , the death of his parents , his journey to become Batman , and his fight to stop Ra 's al Ghul  ( Neeson )  and the Scarecrow  ( Murphy )  from plunging Gotham City into chaos .
He has been influential in popular music and culture for more than five decades .
The earliest symptoms are often subtle problems with mood or mental abilities .
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British musical adventure fantasy film directed by Ken Hughes and written by Roald Dahl and Hughes , loosely based on Ian Fleming 's 1964 novel Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang : The Magical Car .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets  ( Valérian et la Cité des mille planètes )  is an upcoming English-language French science fiction action-adventure film co-produced , written and directed by Luc Besson .
Allen Ezail Iverson  ( born June 7 , 1975 )  is an American professional basketball player who played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Lauren Zoe `` Laurie '' Hernandez  ( born June 9 , 2000 )  is an American artistic gymnast .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
The screenplay , by Paquet-Brenner , is based on Gillian Flynn 's 2009 novel of the same name .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
The film is directed by James Mangold and stars Meg Ryan , Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber .
The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett .
It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapičić .
He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age .
Brock Edward Lesnar  (  [ ˈlɛznər ]  born July 12 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist , amateur wrestler , and professional American football player .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park , California .
Sweden  ( Konungariket Sverige )  , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe .
Despicable Me is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 , 2010 in the United States .
Born to actor Subhendu Chatterjee , Saswata Chatterjee began his career with a Hindi serial directed by Saibal Mitra , based on Samaresh Majumdar 's Kaalpurush .
Credit for the Joker 's creation is disputed ; Kane and Robinson claimed responsibility for the Joker 's design , while acknowledging Finger 's writing contribution .
Wyoming  [ waɪˈoʊmɪŋ ]  is a state in the mountain region of the western United States .
The Contender is a 2000 political drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie .
Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
With members Paul S. Denman , Andrew Hale , and Stuart Matthewman , she gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of the English band Sade .
He has been nominated for seven Academy Awards  ( winning for his performance in Tender Mercies )  , seven Golden Globes  ( winning four )  , and has multiple nominations and one win each of the BAFTA , Screen Actors Guild Award , and Emmy Award .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
Until recently , chess was a recognized sport of the International Olympic Committee ; some national sporting bodies such as the Spanish Consejo Superior de Deportes also recognize chess as a sport .
She competed as a member of the U.S. women 's gymnastics team at the 2016 Summer Olympics , winning gold in the team event and silver on the balance beam .
It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
The character first appeared in Batman : Vengeance of Bane # 1  ( January 1993 )  and was created by Chuck Dixon , Doug Moench , and Graham Nolan .
Marcus LeMarr Allen  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is a former American football running back and football analyst for CBS .
The miniseries was written by Richard Price and Steven Zaillian and directed by Zaillian and James Marsh .
Steven Allan Spielberg , ,  ( born December 18 , 1946 )  is an American director , producer , and screenwriter .
Suleiman I  ( سلطان سليمان اول Modern I. Süleyman , Kanunî Sultan Süleyman or Muhteşem Süleyman 6 November 1494 -- 6 September 1566 )  , commonly known as Suleiman the Magnificent in the West and `` Kanuni ''  ( the Lawgiver )  in his realm , was the tenth and longest-reigning sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1520 to his death in 1566 .
The World Bank 's  ( the IBRD and IDA 's )  activities are focused on developing countries , in fields such as human development  ( e.g. education , health )  , agriculture and rural development  ( e.g. irrigation and rural services )  , environmental protection  ( e.g. pollution reduction , establishing and enforcing regulations )  , infrastructure  ( e.g. roads , urban regeneration , and electricity )  , large industrial construction projects , and governance  ( e.g. anti-corruption , legal institutions development )  .
As the world 's fifth-largest country by both area and population , it is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas .
 ( 1968 )  , Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , Hannibal Brooks  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Three Musketeers  ( 1973 )  , Tommy  ( 1975 )  , Lion of the Desert  ( 1981 )  , Castaway  ( 1986 )  , The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  ( 1988 )  and Funny Bones  ( 1995 )  .
is a Japanese animation studio and production enterprise .
Paulo Bruno Exequiel Dybala  (  [ ˈpaulo ðiˈβala ]  ; born 15 November 1993 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Argentina national team .
After signing with Capitol Records in 1962 , Wilson wrote or co-wrote more than two dozen Top 40 hits for the group .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
The album produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts : a cover of J.D. Souther 's `` How Long '' and `` Busy Being Fabulous '' , both of which were Top 30 hits on the country charts as well as Top 20 hits on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts .
Glen is best known for his roles as Dr. Alexander Isaacs / Tyrant in the Resident Evil films and for portraying Ser Jorah Mormont on Game of Thrones .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as `` proto-punk '' music , punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock .
From 1999 , Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism and encouraged economic privatisation , rapprochement with Western nations , and Pan-Africanism ; he was Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 -- 10 .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Popstar : Never Stop Never Stopping is a 2016 American mockumentary film directed by Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone and written , produced by and starring Andy Samberg , Schaffer and Taccone .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
In 70 , he besieged and captured Jerusalem , and destroyed the city and the Second Temple .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
An icon of the `` swinging London '' era of the 1960s , she has won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and Screen Actors Guild Awards , and in 1997 she received the BAFTA Fellowship .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
Headquartered in Crewe , England , the company was founded as Bentley Motors Limited by W. O. Bentley in 1919 in Cricklewood , North London -- and became widely known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1924 , 1927 , 1928 , 1929 , 1930 , and 2003 .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
Greenpeace is a non-governmental environmental organization with offices in over 40 countries and with an international coordinating body in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
The province includes the island of Bali and a few smaller neighbouring islands , notably Nusa Penida , Nusa Lembongan , and Nusa Ceningan .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
Films such as Sallapam  ( 1996 )  , Ee Puzhayum Kadannu  ( 1997 )  , Punjabi House  ( 1998 )  , Udayapuram Sulthan  ( 1999 )  , and Chandranudikkunna Dikhil  ( 1999 )  established his status as a prominent actor during the late-1990s .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The film 's release , scheduled on 15 November 2013 , had been stayed by Delhi High Court .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
He is best known for his roles as Clay Morrow on the television series Sons of Anarchy , Vincent on the television series Beauty and the Beast  ( for which he won a Golden Globe Award )  , and as the comic book character Hellboy in both Hellboy  ( 2004 )  and its sequel Hellboy II : The Golden Army  ( 2008 )  .
Oz the Great and Powerful  ( working title Brick )  is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi and produced by Joe Roth , from a screenplay written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner .
Her Amazonian training helped to develop a wide range of extraordinary skills in strategy , hunting , and combat .
He is known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love  ( 1998 )  , for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role , Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates  ( 2001 )  , and Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story  ( 2012 -- 2013 )  .
X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , distributed by 20th Century Fox .
It is the fourth in a series of live-action musical films featuring The Muppets , with Michael Caine starring as Ebenezer Scrooge .
Alia Bhatt  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a British film actress and singer who works in Bollywood .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Helena Bonham Carter ,  ( born 26 May 1966 )  is an English actress .
Amy Sherman-Palladino  ( born Amy Sherman )  is an American television writer , director , and producer .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque .
Beevers has worked extensively at the Orange Tree Theatre in Richmond upon Thames , both as an actor  ( including the title role in Jules Romain 's Doctor Knock , 1994 )  ; and as an adaptor/director of George Eliot 's novel Adam Bede  ( February 1990 )  , for which he won a Time Out Award , and Honoré de Balzac 's Père Goriot  ( February 1994 )  .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
It is the sequel to the 1985 film Back to the Future and the second installment in the Back to the Future trilogy .
STS-96 launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 27 May 1999 at 06:49:42 AM EDT .
It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east , the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south , New Hampshire and Vermont to the north , and New York to the west .
The NSA is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , a discipline known as signals intelligence  ( SIGINT )  .
He is a member of the Republican Party .
Zachary Knight Galifianakis  (  [ ˌgælᵻfəˈnækᵻs ]  born October 1 , 1969 )  is an American actor , writer and comedian .
It is based on Perrotta 's novel of the same name .
Gucci was founded by Guccio Gucci in Florence in 1921 .
William Ray Cyrus  ( born August 25 , 1961 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actor .
Several other books bearing his namethe Acts of Peter , Gospel of Peter , Preaching of Peter , Apocalypse of Peter , and Judgment of Peterare considered by Christian denominations as apocryphal , and are thus not included in their Bible canons .
The song is the first track on Diamond 's 1982 album , also titled Heartlight , and reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming his eighth  ( and last )  top 5 hit on the chart .
As sequel to the 1996 film Independence Day , it stars an ensemble cast featuring Liam Hemsworth , Jeff Goldblum , Bill Pullman , Maika Monroe , Jessie Usher , Travis Tope , William Fichtner , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Judd Hirsch , Brent Spiner and Sela Ward .
Victor Marie Hugo  (  [ viktɔʁ maʁi yɡo ]  ; 26 February 1802 -- 22 May 1885 )  was a French poet , novelist , and dramatist of the Romantic movement .
Teen Wolf premiered on June 5 , 2011 , following the 2011 MTV Movie Awards .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
The fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks , ABC is often nicknamed as `` The Alphabet Network '' , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order .
Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 .
The Mummy premiered at the State Theatre in Sydney , Australia on May 22 , 2017 and is scheduled to be released in the United States on June 9 , 2017 in 2D , 3D and IMAX 3D .
Introduced in A Game of Thrones  ( 1996 )  , Jaime is a knight of the Kingsguard and a member of House Lannister , one of the wealthiest and most powerful families in the fictional kingdom of Westeros .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
On May 15 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series for a 13-episode third season , which premiered with back-to-back episodes on May 31 , 2017 .
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife .
Jordan played 15 seasons in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  for the Chicago Bulls and Washington Wizards .
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
Britton starred as country singer Rayna Jaymes in the ABC/CMT musical drama series Nashville from 2012 to 2017 , for which she was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Television Series Drama in 2012 .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
He has been host of The Marc Maron Show and co-host of both Morning Sedition and Breakroom Live , all politically oriented shows produced by Air America Media .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
He remains the most recent Labour Party leader to have won a general election .
She was deeply embedded in the `` lace curtain '' Irish Catholic community in Boston , where her father was mayor .
Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot , while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy .
Sarandon began her career in the 1970 film Joe , before appearing in the soap opera A World Apart  ( 1970 -- 71 )  .
The series is based on the Heartland book series by Lauren Brooke .
Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling  ( UPW )  and won the UPW Heavyweight Championship the following year .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
Donald Hugh `` Don '' Henley  ( born July 22 , 1947 )  is an American singer-songwriter , producer , and drummer , best known as a founding member of the Eagles before launching a successful solo career .
Aluminium or aluminum  ( see below )  is a chemical element in the boron group with symbol Al and atomic number 13 .
The film stars Chadwick Boseman as Robinson , and Harrison Ford as Branch Rickey , with Alan Tudyk , Nicole Beharie , Christopher Meloni , Andre Holland , Lucas Black , Hamish Linklater and Ryan Merriman appearing in supporting roles .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
He is the only professional wrestler in history to have won the WWE Championship , WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship , the WCW Championship , the TNA World Heavyweight Championship , and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship .
born July 27 , 1956 )  is a four-time Emmy Award-nominated American comedian , writer , producer and actress whose career as a stand-up comedian started in the 1970s when she was in college .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
A second season was confirmed on August 3 , 2012 , and premiered on January 8 , 2013 .
The film was written and directed by George Nolfi , produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables .
Christopher Allen Lloyd  ( born October 22 , 1938 )  is an American actor , voice actor and comedian best known for his roles as Emmett `` Doc '' Brown in the Back to the Future trilogy , Judge Doom in Who Framed Roger Rabbit  ( 1988 )  , Merlock the Magician in DuckTales the Movie : Treasure of the Lost Lamp  ( 1990 )  , Uncle Fester in The Addams Family  ( 1991 )  and its sequel Addams Family Values  ( 1993 )  , and Grigori Rasputin in Anastasia  ( 1997 )  .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Taraji Penda Henson  (  [ tə ` rɑːdʒi ]  ; born September 11 , 1970 )  is an American actress and author .
Clark Gregg co-starred as her ex-husband Richard , with whom Christine maintains a close relationship despite their divorce , as well as Hamish Linklater as her brother Matthew and Wanda Sykes as her best friend Barb .
Kangana Ranaut  (  [ kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ]  ; born 23 March 1986 )  is an Indian film actress .
For his work as an artist , Phoenix has received a Grammy Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
A versatile defensive player , Haley began his career as a specialty outside linebacker , eventually progressing to pass-rusher and finally full-fledged defensive end .
On television , her best known roles include Kitty Sanchez on Arrested Development , Ingrid Nelson/Fatty Magoo on It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , Trixie on Californication , and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
He has been involved with numerous other projects , including Arctic Monkeys and Biffy Clyro .
Neil Patrick Harris  ( born June 15 , 1973 )  is an American actor , comedian , magician , singer , and composer , known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
It is the debut film of Illumination Entertainment .
 (  [ jəˈmɑːhə ]  or  [ ˈjɑːməhə ]   [ jamaha ]  )  is a Japanese multinational corporation and conglomerate based in Japan with a very wide range of products and services , predominantly musical instruments , electronics , motorcycles and power sports equipment .
The film , directed by Bryan Singer and written by David Hayter , features an ensemble cast that includes Hugh Jackman , Patrick Stewart , Ian McKellen , Halle Berry , Famke Janssen , James Marsden , Bruce Davison , Rebecca Romijn-Stamos , Ray Park , Tyler Mane , and Anna Paquin .
The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Paul Samuel Feig  (  [ ˈfiːɡ ]  born September 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Brian Peter George St John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno , RDI  (  [ ˈiːnoʊ ]  born 15 May 1948 and originally christened Brian Peter George Eno )  is an English musician , composer , record producer , singer , writer , and visual artist .
Karl Anthony Malone  ( born July 24 , 1963 )  is an American retired professional basketball player .
Written by Affleck and Damon  ( and with Damon in the title role )  , the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting , an unrecognized genius who , as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer , becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Caesar refused the order , and instead marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with the 13th Legion , leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
Manganiello has appeared in films such as Magic Mike , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , and Sabotage .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
Lyme disease , also known as Lyme borreliosis , is an infectious disease caused by bacteria of the Borrelia type .
24 is an American crime thriller television series produced for the Fox network , created by Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran , and starring Kiefer Sutherland as counter-terrorist agent Jack Bauer .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
During his reign , Justinian sought to revive the empire 's greatness and reconquer the lost western half of the historical Roman Empire .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Eric Arthur Blair  ( 25 June 1903 -- 21 January 1950 )  , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English novelist , essayist , journalist , and critic .
Allen Ezail Iverson  ( born June 7 , 1975 )  is an American professional basketball player who played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
She received more acclaim for portraying Queen Victoria in The Young Victoria  ( 2009 )  , receiving a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama .
Headquartered in Louisville , Kentucky , it is the world 's second-largest restaurant chain  ( as measured by sales )  after McDonald 's , with almost 20,000 locations globally in 123 countries and territories .
It was a commercial success in the United States , becoming Madonna 's eleventh number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 , topping the chart for seven weeks .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
Barry Alan Crompton Gibb ,  ( born 1 September 1946 )  is a British singer , songwriter and record producer who rose to worldwide fame as a co-founder of the group Bee Gees , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed groups in the history of popular music .
It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel , the Irish Sea , and St George 's Channel .
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel  ( born Bönickhausen ;  [ ˈaɪfəl ]   [ ɛfɛl ]  ; 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923 )  was a French civil engineer and architect .
Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity .
Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens )  is a 2015 American epic space opera film directed , co-produced , and co-written by J. J. Abrams .
The gray wolf is one of the world 's best-known and most-researched animals , with probably more books written about it than any other wildlife species .
It stars Gregory Peck and Laurence Olivier and features James Mason , Lilli Palmer , Uta Hagen , Denholm Elliott , and Steve Guttenberg in supporting roles .
Jun Ji-hyun  ( born Wang Ji-hyun on 30 October 1981 )  , also known as Gianna Jun , is a South Korean actress .
The film stars James McAvoy , Anya Taylor-Joy , and Betty Buckley , and follows Kevin Wendell Crumb , a man with 23 different personalities who kidnaps and imprisons three teenage girls in an isolated underground facility .
Witherspoon 's breakthrough role was playing Elle Woods in the 2001 film Legally Blonde , for which she received her second Golden Globe nomination .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
James Oliver Cromwell  ( born January 27 , 1940 )  is an American actor and producer .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
For the majority of their career , the group consisted of Michael `` Mike D '' Diamond  ( vocals , drums )  , Adam `` MCA '' Yauch  ( vocals , bass )  and Adam `` Ad-Rock '' Horovitz  ( vocals , guitar )  .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
The 67 National Historic Landmarks in the city helped account for the $ 10 billion generated by tourism .
According to four federal government investigations and one municipal investigation , These were investigations by : the Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( 1963 )  , the Warren Commission  ( 1964 )  , the House Select Committee on Assassinations  ( 1979 )  , the Secret Service , and the Dallas Police Department .
The Washington Naval Conference , also called the Washington Arms Conference or the Washington Disarmament Conference , was a military conference called by U.S. President Warren G. Harding and held in Washington , D.C. , from 12 November 1921 to 6 February 1922 .
Matthew Ryan Phillippe  (  [ ˈfɪlᵻpi ]  born September 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
Widely known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino , he received acclaim for portraying SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds  ( 2009 )  and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Django Unchained  ( 2012 )  .
Principal photography began on November 11 , 2015 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The film stars Dick Van Dyke , Sally Ann Howes , Lionel Jeffries , James Robertson Justice , and Robert Helpmann as the main antagonist , the evil Childcatcher .
Melisandre of Asshai is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Part of the Gyllenhaal family , she is the daughter of filmmakers Stephen Gyllenhaal and Naomi Achs and the older sister of actor Jake Gyllenhaal .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
Cersei Lannister is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones , where she is portrayed by Lena Headey .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
The population of the city has increased tenfold since the 1950s , as migrants from across Anatolia have moved in and city limits have expanded to accommodate them .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
Foo Fighters is an American rock band , formed in Seattle , Washington in 1994 .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
The area was part of the Ancient Parish and subsequent County Borough of West Ham , which became the western half of the modern borough in 1965 .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
It was released on iTunes and Amazon through RuCo on February 24 , 2014 , coinciding with the sixth season premiere of RuPaul 's Drag Race .
Rowling has suggested that she may have inadvertently taken the name from the hogwort plant  ( Croton capitatus )  , which she had seen at Kew Gardens some time before writing the series , although the names `` The Hogwarts '' and `` Hoggwart '' appear in the 1954 Nigel Molesworth book How To Be Topp by Geoffrey Willans .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
William `` Will '' Turner , Jr. is a fictional character in the Pirates of the Caribbean films .
It was directed by Lindsay Anderson .
Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru .
Along with his teacher , Socrates , and his most famous student , Aristotle , Plato laid the very foundations of Western philosophy and science .
It is based on the 1957 novel `` The Homecoming Game '' by Howard Nemerov , which was the basis of a successful 1959 Broadway play , called Tall Story , by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Harold Allen Ramis  ( November 21 , 1944 -- February 24 , 2014 )  was an American actor , director , writer , and comedian .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
The European dragon , derived from European folk traditions and ultimately related to Balkans and Western Asian mythologies .
It is the ninth track on Jackson 's seventh studio album , Bad .
She wrote the play Art and Guff , co-wrote the series Cowbois ac Injans and four episodes of the BBC 's science fiction drama Torchwood : `` Out of Time '' , `` Captain Jack Harkness '' , `` Meat '' and `` Adam '' .
This film was released by Touchstone Pictures and Spyglass Entertainment , in association with Triple Threat Talent , on April 14 , 2000 .
The company is headquartered in Lexington , Kentucky .
The series premiered in the United States on January 30 , 2013 on the cable network FX .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
Naughton was one-third of the R&B trio 3LW and is known for her acting roles in Fame , Notorious , where she played Lil ' Kim , and The Playboy Club .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline , with Clive Owen , Rihanna , Ethan Hawke , Herbie Hancock , Kris Wu , and Rutger Hauer in supporting roles .
Curtis James Jackson III  ( born July 6 , 1975 )  , known professionally as 50 Cent , is an American rapper , actor , businessman , and investor .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
The disinvestment campaign , after being realized in federal legislation enacted in 1986 by the United States , is credited by some as pressuring the South African Government to embark on negotiations ultimately leading to the dismantling of the Apartheid system .
His collaboration with Rihanna `` We Found Love '' became an international success , giving Harris his first US number one single on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
The ketogenic diet is a high-fat , adequate-protein , low-carbohydrate diet that in medicine is used primarily to treat difficult-to-control  ( refractory )  epilepsy in children .
At 17075200 km2 , Russia is the largest country in the world by surface area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , and the ninth most populous , with over 144 million people at the end of March 2016 .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
Burnaby is a city in British Columbia , Canada , located immediately to the east of Vancouver .
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung  (  [ ˈmaʊ dzəˈdʊŋ ,   zə - ,   - dɒŋ ]  December 26 , 1893September 9 , 1976 )  , also known as Chairman Mao , was a Chinese communist revolutionary and founding father of the People 's Republic of China , which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 , until his death in 1976 .
Wu Yifan  ( , pronounced  [ - cmnu2-i4fan4 ]  , ; born November 6 , 1990 )  , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Ricin  (  [ ˈraɪsɪn ]  )  is a highly toxic , naturally occurring lectin  ( a carbohydrate-binding protein )  produced in the seeds of the castor oil plant , Ricinus communis .
They resumed regular touring in 1999 , with drummer Zak Starkey .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Hungarians can be classified into several subgroups according to local linguistic and cultural characteristics ; subgroups with distinct identities include the Székelys , the Csángós , the Palóc , and the Jász people .
She received a Tony Award nomination for the 1997 musical Triumph of Love , Grammy Award nominations for The Diaries of Adam and Eve  ( 1999 )  and Stars and the Moon : Live at the Donmar  ( 2001 )  , and a Drama Desk Award nomination for the 2013 play The Old Friends .
A self-described democratic socialist , Sanders is pro-labor and emphasizes reversing economic inequality .
She married Thomas Quiney , a vintner of Stratford-upon-Avon .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
The commonly used term African lion collectively denotes the several subspecies in Africa .
Originally intended to be sent to mainstream and rhythmic airplay on May 25 , 2010 , the song debuted on May 7 , 2010 , after clips from the Teenage Dream album were leaked online .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Pornhub was launched in Montreal , providing professional and amateur photography since 2007 .
G-Dragon later formed a duo with fellow Big Bang member T.O.P to record and release the album GD & TOP  ( 2010 )  , which contained the top-five hits `` High High '' , `` Oh Yeah '' , and `` Knock Out '' on the Gaon Digital Chart , while the album peaked at number-one .
Cher  (  [ ˈʃɛər ]  born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 )  is an American singer and actress .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries .
He came to international attention for his role as the Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator , directed by Ridley Scott , for which Crowe won an Academy Award for Best Actor , a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor , an Empire Award for Best Actor and a London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and 10 further nominations for best actor .
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made , and it remained the highest-grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011 .
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman .
Girls ' Generation , also known as SNSD , is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
The film was produced by Grant Heslov , Affleck and George Clooney .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
The film gave actress Madhuri Dixit her first big break , making her an overnight star .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Asteroid Day is held on the anniversary of the June 30 , 1908 Siberian Tunguska event , the most harmful known asteroid-related event on Earth in recent history .
Inferno is a 2016 American mystery adventure thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp , based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown .
Poland  ( Polska  [ ˈpɔlska ]  )  , officially the Republic of Poland  (  [ Rzeczpospolita Polska , links = no ]  , )  , is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
The seat of Eurojust is in The Hague .
The Fall is the fourth studio album from British virtual band Gorillaz .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Ellyse Alexandra Perry  ( born 3 November 1990 )  is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women 's national soccer team at the age of 16 .
He lost a 1980 bid for the Illinois House of Representatives , but tried again and won a seat in 1981 .
Cersei Lannister is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones , where she is portrayed by Lena Headey .
Throughout her career , she has had a total of three UK number one singles , two of which coming from recording group The Pussycat Dolls and one as a solo artist .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
The company 's first film was The Assassination of Richard Nixon  ( 2004 )  .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
The Chainsmokers are an American DJ/producer duo consisting of Andrew Taggart and Alex Pall .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
Usher Raymond IV  ( born October 14 , 1978 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and actor .
He was king of Scotland from 1649 until his deposition in 1651 , and king of England , Scotland and Ireland from the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 until his death .
In 1993 , Escobar was shot and killed in his hometown by Colombian National Police , one day after his 44th birthday .
It is the first time the Wallander novels have been adapted into an English-language production .
Blink-182  ( often stylized as blink-182 ; pronounced `` blink one eighty two '' )  is an American rock band formed in Poway , California in 1992 .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
Until his departure in 2006 , he was the drummer for the pop rock band Maroon 5 .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
Directed by Joe Chappelle with a screenplay by Koontz , the film stars Peter O'Toole , Rose McGowan , Joanna Going , Liev Schreiber , Ben Affleck , Nicky Katt , and Clifton Powell .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
In 2008 , Ament released his first solo album , Tone .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
Sikhism  (  [ ˈsikᵻzəm ]  )  , or Sikhi  ( ਸਿ ਖੀ ,  [ ˈsɪkːʰiː ]  , from Sikh , meaning a `` disciple '' , or a `` learner '' )  , is a panentheistic religion that originated in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent about the end of the 15th century .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
The film stars Clark Gable and Jean Harlow in their sixth and final film collaboration , and features Lionel Barrymore , Frank Morgan , Walter Pidgeon , Hattie McDaniel , and Margaret Hamilton .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
The Wolfman is a 2010 American horror drama film and a remake of the 1941 film of the same name .
Risk factors include smoking , ionizing radiation , some chemicals  ( such as benzene )  , prior chemotherapy , and Down syndrome .
Denial premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 , 2016 and was released in the United States on September 30 , 2016 by Bleecker Street .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
Kennedy John Victor , known professionally as Vikram or Chiyaan Vikram , is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil language films and has won seven Filmfare Awards as well as one National Film Award and Tamil Nadu State Film Award amongst other recognitions and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the People 's University of Milan in May 2011 .
First drafted by the Archbishop of Canterbury to make peace between the unpopular King and a group of rebel barons , it promised the protection of church rights , protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment , access to swift justice , and limitations on feudal payments to the Crown , to be implemented through a council of 25 barons .
It features Lightning McQueen and Mater from Cars .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
Performed by Norah Jones during the film 's opening credits , the song was used as the film 's main theme song .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico .
He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia , as well as a Golden Globe , an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a People 's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
The film was directed by Jeff Nichols , who also wrote the screenplay .
It was released on April 5 , 2013 , through Fueled by Ramen as a follow-up to Brand New Eyes  ( 2009 )  .
Gujarat  (  [ , gUdZ@'raht ]   [ ˈɡudʒ ɾaːt̪ ]  )  is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million .
The album , building off the foundations laid by the band 's debut album Core , was a huge success for the band , debuting at # 1 on the Billboard 200 chart and remaining there for three weeks , eventually selling over six million copies .
The miniseries was written and directed by John Kent Harrison and aired in the United States on the CBS network on 4 and 7 December 2005 .
The film grossed a total of $ 402.1 million in the US and Canada and $ 434.2 million in other territories , for a total of $ 836.3 million worldwide .
The Evil Queen , also known as the Wicked Queen or just the Queen , and sometimes instead identified by her given name as Queen Grimhilde , is the primary antagonist in Disney 's 1937 animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and a villain character in the extended Disney 's Snow White franchise .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
He scored 21 goals in his first season in England , winning the Premier League and League Cup .
Ryan Thomas Gosling  ( born November 12 , 1980 )  is a Canadian actor and musician .
The Americans is an American television period drama series created and produced by former CIA officer Joe Weisberg .
Inferno is a 2016 American mystery adventure thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp , based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown .
Thanos  (  [ ˈθænɒs ]  ,  [ ˈθænoʊs ]  )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Elvis Aaron Presley  ( January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 )  was an American singer-songwriter and actor .
By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
Pan Am is an American period drama television series created by writer Jack Orman .
Anne Marie Cancelmi  ( born July 31 , 1975 )  , known professionally as Annie Parisse , is an American actress .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Jacobs has also had a recurring role as Mimi-Rose Howard on the HBO series Girls and has appeared in films such as Gardens of the Night  ( 2008 )  , The Lookalike  ( 2014 )  , Life Partners  ( 2014 )  , Hot Tub Time Machine 2  ( 2015 )  , Do n't Think Twice  ( 2016 )  and Brother Nature  ( 2016 )  .
The film stars Vin Diesel , Donnie Yen , Deepika Padukone , Kris Wu , Ruby Rose , Tony Jaa , Nina Dobrev , Toni Collette , and Samuel L. Jackson .
Dark Places is a 2015 mystery thriller film directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner .
The single-camera comedy was co-created by Matthew Perry , who also starred in the series .
The film is written by Larry Gross and Roberta Hanley and is adapted from the best-selling novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho .
Marton Csokas , Nick Kroll , and Michael Shannon are all featured in supporting roles .
In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was The Case , starring himself .
They have been nominated for thirteen Academy Awards together , and individually for one award each , winning Best Original Screenplay for Fargo and Best Picture , Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay for No Country for Old Men .
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
She played the younger version of the female lead in the 2014 film The Best of Me and starred in the 2010 films , Trust and The Last Sin Eater .
After his retirement from engineering , Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics , and making significant contributions in both fields .
Puerto Rico  ( Spanish for `` Rich Port '' )  , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  ( Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' )  and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .
The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films , beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone  ( 2001 )  and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2  ( 2011 )  .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
In later times , Athena was syncretized with the Roman goddess Minerva .
Lebanon  (  [ ˈlɛbənɒn ]  لبنان ; Lebanese pronunciation :  [ lɪbˈnæːn ]  Liban )  , officially known as the Lebanese RepublicRepublic of Lebanon is the most common phrase used by Lebanese government agencies .
Scott also starred as Mohini `` Mo '' Banjaree in the Disney Channel original movie Lemonade Mouth , and as Megan in TV series Life Bites .
fi
While preparing for his comeback concert series , This Is It , Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication on June 25 , 2009 , after suffering from cardiac arrest .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
On March 11 , 2016 , The CW renewed the series for an eighth season , but on July 23 , 2016 , announced that the eighth season , which would have 16 episodes , would be the show 's last .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
His name of Al Sobrante is a reference to his hometown , El Sobrante .
Peter Gene Hernandez  ( born October 8 , 1985 )  , known professionally as Bruno Mars  (  [ ˈmɑrz ]  )  , is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , and choreographer .
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
Antwan André Patton  ( born February 1 , 1975 )  , better known by his stage name Big Boi , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and record producer , best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside André 3000 .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
The term cult film itself was first used in the 1970s to describe the culture that surrounded underground films and midnight movies , though cult was in common use in film analysis for decades prior to that .
`` Break on Me ''  ( stylized as `` Break on Me . '' ) 
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
Room 93 is the debut extended play  ( EP )  by American singer and songwriter Halsey .
Jim Crow laws were state and local laws that enforced racial segregation in the Southern United States .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
The ensemble cast stars Milo Ventimiglia , Mandy Moore , Sterling K. Brown , Chrissy Metz , Justin Hartley , Susan Kelechi Watson , Chris Sullivan , and Ron Cephas Jones .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
The plot deals with the sacrifices that contestants in the Miss America pageant typically must make .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Ryan Murphy co-wrote and directed the film , which opened in the United States on August 13 , 2010 .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Lucas
The dog was the first domesticated species and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors , sensory capabilities , and physical attributes .
A Christian state is a country that recognizes a form of Christianity as its official religion and often has a state church , which is a Christian denomination that supports the government and is supported by the government .
He appears in the first season as Ann Perkins ' unemployed slacker boyfriend , then takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall in the second season .
Scott Eastwood  ( born Scott Clinton Reeves ; March 21 , 1986 )  is an American actor , model , and professional skydiver .
is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ , who serves as the focal point for the religion .
No fungi , plants , or animals  ( including humans )  are capable of producing vitamin B12 .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , the character first appeared in Captain America Comics # 1  ( cover dated March 1941 )  from Timely Comics , a predecessor of Marvel Comics .
He is the owner of the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks , co-owner of 2929 Entertainment and chairman of the AXS TV .
In 1988 , he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Because of its financial power and diversity in its heyday , Lebanon was referred to as the `` Switzerland of the East '' during the 1960s , and its capital , Beirut , attracted so many tourists that it was known as `` the Paris of the Middle East '' .
Jimmy Donal `` Jimbo '' Wales  (  [ 'd ʒɪmi ˈdoʊnəl ˈweɪlz ]  born August 7 , 1966 in Huntsville , Alabama )  is an American Internet entrepreneur .
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr.  ( born August 3 , 1977 )  is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League  ( NFL )  .
The capital and largest city , with a population exceeding 1.7 million , is Vienna .
Goldblum starred in films including Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , The Big Chill  ( 1983 )  and Into the Night  ( 1985 )  before coming to the attention of wider audiences in David Cronenberg 's The Fly  ( 1986 )  which earned him a Saturn Award for Best Actor .
After the split of his first band , Feeble , Barker began playing for the Aquabats in 1996 as the Baron Von Tito .
Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman , co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe , and Morgan Freeman .
Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro  (  [ ʁoˈdɾiɡu sɐ̃ˈtoɾu ]  ; born August 22 , 1975 )  is a Brazilian actor .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
This Is Us is an American television series created by Dan Fogelman that premiered on NBC on September 20 , 2016 .
Robert Hepler Lowe  (  [ ˈloʊ ]  born March 17 , 1964 )  is an American actor .
Mary Elizabeth `` Tipper '' Gore  ( née Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 )  is an author , photographer , and social issues advocate who was Second Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the wife of Al Gore , the 45th Vice President of the United States , from whom she is currently separated .
David Tennant  ( born David John McDonald ; 18 April 1971 )  is a Scottish actor and voice actor .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
The Dogs D'Amour are a rock and roll band formed in 1983 in London , England .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
The screenplay was written by first-time writer Michael Arndt .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the dissolution of Nirvana after the death of Kurt Cobain .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Vito Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo 's novel The Godfather and in the first two of Francis Ford Coppola 's three Godfather films , in which he was portrayed by Marlon Brando in The Godfather and then , as a young man , by Robert De Niro in The Godfather Part II .
Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
Kentucky Fried Chicken , more commonly known by its initials KFC , is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken .
Ryan Michael Dusick  ( born September 19 , 1977 )  is an American musician and record producer .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Casey Ryback is a fictional character and action hero from the Under Siege films of the 1990s .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight .
Known for his idiosyncratic musical style , Ocean first embarked on a career as a ghostwriter , and in 2010 he became a member of hip hop collective Odd Future .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
The character was created by Dennis O'Neil and Neal Adams , and first appeared in Green Lantern # 87  ( December 1971 )  .
She began her acting career starring in stage productions and attended the Tisch School of Arts in New York .
Ruggiero is a native of Old Bridge Township , New Jersey .
Currently it has scheduled events in Chechnya , Baghdad and Beirut .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Born in Norway to a Norwegian mother and a German father , she grew up in Sweden and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA , which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide , making them one of the best-selling music artists in history .
Milica Bogdanovna `` Milla '' JovovichSerbian Cyrillic : Милица Јововић ; Милица Йовович Милиця Йовович  (  [ ˈjoʊvəvɪtʃ ]  ; born December 17 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model , musician , and fashion designer .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
It was published on 3 September 2013 in the United States .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
The story revolves around the fictional character , New Jersey-based Italian American mobster Tony Soprano  ( James Gandolfini )  .
Pregnancy , also known as gestation , is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman .
In the novels , she is a point of view character .
Uzbekistan  (  [ ʊzˈbɛkᵻˌstæn ,   - ˌstɑːn ]  ,  [ ʊzˌbɛkᵻˈstɑːn ,   ʌz - ,   - ˈstæn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Uzbekistan  ( Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси Республика Узбекистан )  , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world .
She portrayed Alexandra Borgia on the drama series Law & Order .
Popstar : Never Stop Never Stopping is a 2016 American mockumentary film directed by Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone and written , produced by and starring Andy Samberg , Schaffer and Taccone .
Christopher Ryan Hardwick  ( born November 23 , 1971 )  is an American stand-up comedian , voice actor , television host , writer , producer , podcaster , and musician .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
Matthew Gregory Kuchar  ( born June 21 , 1978 )  is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour .
Oswalt has won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special and a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album for his Netflix stand-up special Patton Oswalt : Talking for Clapping  ( 2016 )  .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
From the seven novels , there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe  ( 2005 )  , Prince Caspian  ( 2008 )  and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader  ( 2010 )  -- which have grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide among them .
Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area .
The Who are an English rock band that formed in 1964 .
Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway .
The Promise is a 2016 American historical drama film directed by Terry George and starring Oscar Isaac , Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale , set in the final years of the Ottoman Empire .
Florence Glenda Chapman  ( née Ballard ; June 30 , 1943 -- February 22 , 1976 )  was an American vocalist .
Michael Jeffrey Jordan  ( born February 17 , 1963 )  , also known by his initials , MJ , is an American retired professional basketball player , businessman , and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets .
He is the owner of the NBA 's Dallas Mavericks , co-owner of 2929 Entertainment and chairman of the AXS TV .
The Bulls would win the series , 4-1 .
It stars Brie Larson as a woman who has been held captive for seven years , and whose 5-year-old son  ( Jacob Tremblay )  was born in captivity .
Magna Carta Libertatum  ( Medieval Latin for `` the Great Charter of the Liberties '' )  , commonly called Magna Carta  ( also Magna Charta ; ''  ( the )  Great Charter '' )  , is a charter agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede , near Windsor , on 15 June 1215 .
After achieving success as a songwriter for others , Dolly Parton made her album debut in 1967 , with her album Hello , I 'm Dolly .
There are many definitions for empathy that encompass a broad range of emotional states .
Brian Douglas Wilson  ( born June 20 , 1942 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer best known for being the multi-tasking leader and co-founder of the rock band the Beach Boys .
The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film and an adaptation of Charles Dickens 's 1843 novel A Christmas Carol .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
OK Computer is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in 1997 on EMI subsidiaries Parlophone and Capitol Records .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
`` Diamonds '' is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album , Unapologetic  ( 2012 )  .
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a South Korean television series starring Lee Sung-kyung in the title role .
iPhone  (  [ ˈaɪfoʊn ]  )  is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Asceticism  (  [ əˈsɛtɪsɪzəm ]  from the  [ Wiktionary : ἄσκησις , ἄσκησις ]  áskesis , `` exercise '' or `` training '' )  is a lifestyle characterized by abstinence from worldly pleasures , often for the purpose of pursuing spiritual goals .
Its major cities include Hyderabad , Warangal , Khammam , Karimnagar and Nizamabad .
The University of Oxford  ( informally Oxford University or simply Oxford )  is a collegiate research university located in Oxford , England .
His television appearances included an adaptation of The Moon and Sixpence  ( 1960 )  , Long Day 's Journey into Night  ( 1973 )  , Love Among the Ruins  ( 1975 )  , Cat on a Hot Tin Roof  ( 1976 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 1981 )  and King Lear  ( 1983 )  .
It is now an imprint on both Bad Boy Records and Maybach Music Group .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Officially , its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands , which are largely mountainous .
He portrayed Carl Bruner in Ghost , Colonel Bagley in The Last Samurai , and the voice of the title character of the Disney animated film Tarzan .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American biographical romantic comedy-drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert , based on Gilbert 's best-selling memoir Eat , Pray , Love .
Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell 's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector .
Year Zero is the fifth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails , released on April 17 , 2007 by Interscope Records .
Christopher Francis `` Frank '' Ocean  ( born Christopher Edwin Breaux ; October 28 , 1987 )  , is an American singer , songwriter , and rapper .
At its greatest extent , the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran , Iraq , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Turkmenistan , Turkey , western Afghanistan , and southwestern Pakistan .
Judy Garland  ( born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 -- June 22 , 1969 )  was an American singer , actress , and vaudevillian .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries .
It was released as the album 's second single on September 20 , 2011 through Walt Disney Records .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
A heroin overdose may be treated with naloxone .
Roosevelt was born in 1882 to an old , prominent Dutch family from Dutchess County , New York and attended Groton School .
He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009 .
The film was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni and was simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil .
After they formed under the name Pectoralz , Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Ho Gaya Na ... and had her first Telugu film release in 2007 Lakshmi Kalyanam .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
Return to Paradise is a remake of the 1989 French film Force majeure .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
It was built in 1884 and is considered to be one of Manhattan 's most prestigious and exclusive cooperative residential buildings .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
He is known for a collection of major hit singles including `` Bump N ' Grind '' , `` Your Body 's Callin ' '' , `` I Believe I Can Fly '' , `` Gotham City '' , `` Ignition  ( Remix )  '' , `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' , `` The World 's Greatest '' , `` I 'm a Flirt  ( Remix )  '' , and the hip-hopera `` Trapped in the Closet '' .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
Dawn of the Dead  ( also known internationally as Zombi )  is a 1978 American independent zombie horror film directed by George A. Romero .
Russia 's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world ; other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod and Kazan .
The Parliament of Canada  ( Parlement du Canada )  is the federal legislative branch of Canada , seated at Parliament Hill in the national capital , Ottawa , Ontario .
Kurt Vogel Russell  ( born March 17 , 1951 )  is an American actor .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
Three of his films ranked in the American Film Institute 's list of the top 100 comedy films of the past 100 years  ( 1900 -- 2000 )  , all of which ranked in the top 15 of the list : Blazing Saddles at number 6 , The Producers at number 11 , and Young Frankenstein at number 13 .
Argo is a 2012 American historical drama film directed by Ben Affleck .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
At nineteen he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 .
also romanized as Ramazan , Ramadhan , or Ramathan )  is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and is observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting  ( Sawm )  to commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad according to Islamic belief .
By the time of its destruction , 160 years later , its population was estimated at 11,000 people , and the city had a complex water system , an amphitheatre , gymnasium , and a port .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
Mary Frances `` Debbie '' Reynolds  ( April 1 , 1932 -- December 28 , 2016 )  was an American actress , singer , businesswoman , film historian , humanitarian , and mother of the actress and writer Carrie Fisher .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
Its major cities include Hyderabad , Warangal , Khammam , Karimnagar and Nizamabad .
A spread is a food that is literally spread , generally with a knife , onto food products such as bread and crackers .
Marcus LeMarr Allen  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is a former American football running back and football analyst for CBS .
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net .
He developed the theory of relativity , one of the two pillars of modern physics  ( alongside quantum mechanics )  .
The Rockets compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Southwest Division .
The first film released in the MCU was Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , which began the first phase of films culminating in the crossover film Marvel 's The Avengers  ( 2012 )  .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Isador Cortez , also known as Machete , is a fictional character in the four Spy Kids films , the Grindhouse fake trailer , and the Machete and Machete Kills films .
Russia  (  [ ˈrʌʃə ]   [ Россия , Rossiya , rɐˈsʲijə ]  )  , also officially the Russian Federation  (  [ Российская Федерация , r = Rossiyskaya Federatsiya , p = rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ]  )  , is a country in Eurasia .
In September 2016 , at age 12 , she won the eleventh season of the NBC TV competition show America 's Got Talent  ( AGT )  .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Located on the equator , Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest , Cameroon to the north , the Republic of the Congo on the east and south , and the Gulf of Guinea to the west .
Lily Jane Collins  ( born 18 March 1989 )  is a British-American actress and model .
The seat of Eurojust is in The Hague .
Christoph Waltz  (  [ ˈkrɪstɔf ˈvalts ]  ; born 4 October 1956 )  is an Austrian-German actor .
During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards  ( commonly referred to as Oscars )  in 24 categories .
Kuala Lumpur is the cultural , financial and economic centre of Malaysia , home to the Parliament of Malaysia , and the official residence of the Malaysian King , the Istana Negara .
After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
Evan Rachel Wood  ( born September 7 , 1987 )  is an American actress and musician .
His first British productions were two films with Peter Sellers , Lolita  ( 1962 )  and Dr. Strangelove  ( 1964 )  .
Helen Folasade Adu , OBE  ( Fọláṣadé Adú  [ fɔ̄láʃādé ādú ]  born 16 January 1959 )  , known professionally as Sade Adu or simply Sade  (  [ ʃɑːˈdeɪ ]  )  , is a Nigerian-born British singer-songwriter , composer , arranger , and record producer .
Naughton was one-third of the R&B trio 3LW and is known for her acting roles in Fame , Notorious , where she played Lil ' Kim , and The Playboy Club .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
Rodman Edward `` Rod '' Serling  ( December 25 , 1924 -- June 28 , 1975 )  was an American screenwriter , playwright , television producer , and narrator known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science-fiction anthology TV series , The Twilight Zone .
It is based loosely on Steven Millhauser 's short story , `` Eisenheim the Illusionist '' .
Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey  ( 2007 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Chéri  ( 2009 )  , and The Tempest  ( 2010 )  .
Shantel VanSanten  ( born July 25 , 1985 )  is an American model and actress .
Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
The movie was written and directed by Matt Mulhern and released by IFC Films in November 2005 .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie , Lady Mallowan , DBE  ( née Miller ; 15 September 1890 -- 12 January 1976 )  was an English crime novelist , short story writer and playwright .
William James `` Count '' Basie  ( August 21 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1984 )  was an American jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
Set primarily in the Indian State of Haryana , principal photography commenced in September 2015 in the neighbouring Punjab .
He sexually assaulted , tortured and murdered at least 33 teenage boys and young men between 1972 and 1978 in Cook County , Illinois  ( a part of metropolitan Chicago )  .
Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations .
Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent  ( singles )  or between two teams of two players each  ( doubles )  .
Born to American parents in London and raised primarily in California , she rose to prominence in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' , which became the number one song of the year in several countries and attracted controversy over its purportedly sexist content .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
Ramadan  (  [ ˌræməˈdɑːn ]  رمضان ,  [ ramaˈdˤaːn ]  ; In Arabic phonology , it can be  [  [ rɑmɑˈdˤɑːn , ramadˤɑːn , ræmæˈdˤɑːn ]  ]  , depending on the region .
It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy , following Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( 2015 )  .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
He is the author of Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , which was published in March 2009 , and the book Straight Talk , No Chaser : How to Find and Keep a Man .
Italy  ( Italia  [ iˈtaːlja ]  )  , officially the Italian Republic  (  [ Repubblica italiana , links = no ]  )  , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback , Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
A Liberty bond  ( or liberty loan )  was a war bond that was sold in the United States to support the allied cause in World War I. Subscribing to the bonds became a symbol of patriotic duty in the United States and introduced the idea of financial securities to many citizens for the first time .
Hearing loss , also known as hearing impairment , is a partial or total inability to hear .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by singer Marilyn Manson and guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , in 1989 .
In 2016 , following her contribution to several side projects during the early part of her career , Tiffany became the second Girls ' Generation member to release a solo debut album , I Just Wan na Dance .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
In September 2016 , at age 12 , she won the eleventh season of the NBC TV competition show America 's Got Talent  ( AGT )  .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Israel  (  [ ˈɪzreiəl ]  ; )  , officially the State of Israel  (  [ mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel ]  دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل  [ dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl ]  )  , is a country in the Middle East , on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea .
David Lawrence Angell  ( April 10 , 1946September 11 , 2001 )  was an American producer of sitcoms .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
Brittany Murphy-Monjack  ( born Brittany Anne Bertolotti ; November 10 , 1977 -- December 20 , 2009 )  , known professionally as Brittany Murphy , was an American film and stage actress , singer , and voice artist .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
Corporal Eugene `` Flash '' Thompson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The World According to Paris follows the daily life of Paris Hilton .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
Leati Joseph `` Joe '' Anoaʻi  ( born May 25 , 1985 )  is an American professional wrestler , former professional Canadian football player and a member of the Anoaʻi family .
He is a former four-weight world champion , having held the WBO junior lightweight title from 2011 to 2012 ; the WBC lightweight title from 2012 to 2013 ; the WBA welterweight title in 2014 ; and the WBA super lightweight title from 2015 to 2016 .
Jules Sébastien César Dumont d'Urville  ( 23 May 1790 -- 8 May 1842 )  was a French explorer , naval officer and rear admiral , who explored the south and western Pacific , Australia , New Zealand and Antarctica .
It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean.designated Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba within ISO ISO 3166-1 .
The Golden Girls is an American sitcom created by Susan Harris that originally aired on NBC from September 14 , 1985 , to May 9 , 1992 , with a total of 180 half-hour episodes spanning over seven seasons .
Kristen Jaymes Stewart  ( born )  is an American actress and model .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Black Panther is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
Charles John Huffam Dickens  (  [ ˈdɪkᵻnz ]  7 February 1812 -- 9 June 1870 )  was an English writer and social critic .
One of the world 's highest-paid actresses in 2015 , Stone has received numerous accolades , including an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Screen Actors Guild Awards .
The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed , co-produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan .
Easy Virtue is a 2008 British romantic comedy film based on Noël Coward 's play of the same name .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Ajay Devgan  ( born Vishal Veeru Devgan on 2 April 1969 )  , also credited as Ajay Devgn , is an Indian film actor , director and producer .
The Vikings joined the National Football League  ( NFL )  as an expansion team in 1960 , and first took the field for the 1961 season .
Mark Richard Hamill  ( born September 25 , 1951 )  is an American actor , voice actor , producer and writer .
White has appeared in several films including Beautiful Ohio , The Speed of Life , Afterschool and Twelve , currently filming `` Shotgun ''
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan and written by Chad Hayes and Carey Hayes .
The film stars Katherine Heigl , Rosario Dawson , Geoff Stults , Isabella Rice and Cheryl Ladd , and follows a divorcée who begins to torment the new fiancé of her ex-husband .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
It is one of the youngest of the major world religions .
In January 2014 , the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on July 26 , 2015 .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre of N.W.A , and as a result was prominently featured throughout Dr. Dre 's solo debut album , The Chronic  ( 1992 )  .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
The Formula is a 1980 American mystery film directed by John G. Avildsen and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network .
The duo released their debut studio album Homework through Virgin Records in 1997 to highly positive reviews .
My Own Private Idaho had its premiere at the 48th Venice International Film Festival , and received largely positive reviews from critics including Roger Ebert and those of The New York Times and Entertainment Weekly .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Released in 1967 , the LP was an immediate critical and commercial success , and it is widely regarded as one of the greatest debuts in the history of rock music .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
The 1991 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1990 -- 91 NBA season .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Megan Denise Fox  ( born May 16 , 1986 )  is an American actress and model .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
She promotes various causes such as environment , health and education , and women 's rights and is particularly vocal about gender equality and feminism .
Boston University  ( commonly referred to as BU )  is a private research university located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell 's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector .
Richard Milhous Nixon  ( January 9 , 1913 -- April 22 , 1994 )  was an American politician who served as the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974 , when he became the only U.S. president to resign from office .
He is known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love  ( 1998 )  , for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role , Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates  ( 2001 )  , and Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story  ( 2012 -- 2013 )  .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  )  , also described as the Republic of Ireland  ( Poblacht na hÉireann )  , is a sovereign state in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
fi
Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis .
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight .
Angell and his wife Lynn both died heading home from their vacation in Cape Cod aboard American Airlines Flight 11 .
Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Dean Martin  ( born Dino Paul Crocetti ; June 7 , 1917 -- December 25 , 1995 )  was an Italian-American singer , actor , comedian , and film producer .
Curly Top  ( 1935 )  is an American musical film directed by Irving Cummings .
For other uses , see Denmark  ( disambiguation )  .
New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Vermont to the east .
The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division .
The Wicked Witch of the West is a fictional character and the most significant antagonist in L. Frank Baum 's children 's book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz  ( 1900 )  .
He was born in Halifax , West Yorkshire , and raised in Framlingham , Suffolk .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
On May 4 , 1776 , the Colony of Rhode Island became the first of the Thirteen Colonies to renounce its allegiance to the British Crown , and was the fourth among the newly sovereign states to ratify the Articles of Confederation on February 9 , 1778 .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor , but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films .
It is directed by Curtis Hanson with an adapted screenplay by Susannah Grant and stars Cameron Diaz , Toni Collette , and Shirley MacLaine .
Uzbekistan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States  ( CIS )  , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  ( OSCE )  , UN , and the SCO .
Helios  (  [ ˈhiːli.ɒs ]  Ἥλιος Hēlios ; Latinized as Helius ; Ἠέλιος in Homeric Greek )  was the personification of the Sun in Greek mythology .
The first four seasons are available on DVD and Blu-ray in regions 1 , 2 and 4 ; a soundtrack was also released for the first two seasons .
Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury ,  ( born 16 October 1925 )  is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter .
Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 .
As of May 2017 , he is ranked as the world 's best middleweight by BoxRec and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board , and second best by The Ring .
Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1846 , Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks , tariffs , and railroads .
Her first film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy , and in the early 1990s she frequently collaborated with her then husband , actor and director Kenneth Branagh .
Gabourey Sidibe  (  [ ˈɡæbəˌreɪ ˈsɪdɪˌbeɪ ]  ; born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress who made her acting debut in the 2009 film Precious , a role that brought her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress .
David Lawrence Schwimmer  ( born November 2 , 1966 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Tobias Vincent `` Tobey '' Maguire  ( born June 27 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Being a city university , it does not have a main campus ; instead , its buildings and facilities are scattered throughout the city centre .
Distributed by Columbia Pictures , the film premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on July 9 , 2016 and was released theatrically in the United States on July 15 , 2016 , in 2D , 3D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D .
Antarctica , on average , is the coldest , driest , and windiest continent , and has the highest average elevation of all the continents .
There are many definitions for empathy that encompass a broad range of emotional states .
100 Greatest of All Time was a television series of five one-hour episodes , produced and first aired by Tennis Channel in March 2012 .
Jaime Lannister is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Justified was nominated for eight Primetime Emmy Awards , with two wins , for Margo Martindale 's performance as Mags Bennett and Jeremy Davies ' performance as Dickie Bennett .
Arcade Fire is a Canadian indie rock band based in Montreal , Quebec , consisting of husband and wife Win Butler and Régine Chassagne , along with Win 's younger brother William Butler , Richard Reed Parry , Tim Kingsbury and Jeremy Gara .
The film stars Dick Van Dyke , Sally Ann Howes , Lionel Jeffries , James Robertson Justice , and Robert Helpmann as the main antagonist , the evil Childcatcher .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
It is the sequel to the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , which began 20th Century Fox 's reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series .
As of 20 February 2017 , Craig is the second longest serving James Bond , surpassed only by Roger Moore .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
After graduating from the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology in 2006 , Adele was given a recording contract by XL Recordings after a friend posted her demo on Myspace the same year .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Albania spans 28,748 km2 and had a total population of almost 3 million people .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
Tramadol , sold under the brandname Ultram among others , is an opioid pain medication used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain .
As literary political fiction and dystopian science-fiction , Nineteen Eighty-Four is a classic novel in content , plot and style .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Jaden Christopher Syre Smith  ( born July 8 , 1998 )  is an American actor and rapper .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
It was founded in 2003 , following BYD Company 's acquisition of Tsinchuan Automobile Company in 2002 .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
The soundtrack was composed by Philip Glass .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
Craig Middlebrooks is a fictional character on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation .
Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama  ( born January 17 , 1964 )  is an American lawyer and writer who was First Lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
Nepal has a diverse geography , including fertile plains , subalpine forested hills , and eight of the world 's ten tallest mountains , including Mount Everest , the highest point on Earth .
Donald McKinley Glover  (  [ ˈɡlʌvər ]  born September 25 , 1983 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , comedian , rapper , singer , and songwriter .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
The Americans is an American television period drama series created and produced by former CIA officer Joe Weisberg .
The Czech Republic  (  [ ˈtʃɛkiə ]  , ; Česko ,  [ ˈt͡ʃɛsko ]  )  , is a nation state in Central Europe bordered by Germany to the west , Austria to the south , Slovakia to the east and Poland to the northeast .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards .
Michael Giacchino  (  [ dʒakˈkiːno ]  ; born October 10 , 1967 )  is an American composer of music for films , television and video games .
His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor , and as a producer since 2005 .
Bryan Lee Cranston  ( born March 7 , 1956 )  is an American actor , voice actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
The DRC borders the Central African Republic and South Sudan to the north ; Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi and Tanzania to the east ; Zambia and Angola to the south ; the Republic of the Congo to the west and the Atlantic Ocean to the southwest .
William Shatner  ( born March 22 , 1931 )  is a Canadian actor , author , producer , and director .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Shot in a mockumentary format , it follows the contestants in a beauty pageant called the Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant , held in the small fictional town of Mount Rose , Minnesota , in which various contestants die in suspicious ways .
Kristoffer `` Kris '' Kristofferson  ( born June 22 , 1936 )  is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and actor .
Daughter of noted dancer , Raguram , she began acting in the 2002 film Charlie Chaplin and later started working as choreographers in films .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
The disinvestment campaign , after being realized in federal legislation enacted in 1986 by the United States , is credited by some as pressuring the South African Government to embark on negotiations ultimately leading to the dismantling of the Apartheid system .
The team was established in 1946 as the Philadelphia Warriors based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , a founding member of the Basketball Association of America  ( BAA )  .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Earth  ( from Eorðe  [ Γαῖα , Gaia ]  Terra )  , otherwise known as the World or the Globe , is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
In 1993 , Escobar was shot and killed in his hometown by Colombian National Police , one day after his 44th birthday .
The only actors to appear in all iterations of the show so far are Evan Peters , Sarah Paulson and Lily Rabe .
Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
Matthew Robert `` Matt '' Smith  ( born 28 October 1982 )  is an English actor .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
He is regarded as one of the key figures of 19th-century literary realism .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
The song is the first track on Diamond 's 1982 album , also titled Heartlight , and reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming his eighth  ( and last )  top 5 hit on the chart .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
The original cast included John Castle , Tony Selby , Ronald Pickup , Dennis Waterman , William Stewart , Barbara Ferris , Lucy Fleming , Gwen Nelson and Alison Fraser .
Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's novel Devdas .
Hugh Marston Hefner  ( born April 9 , 1926 )  is an American men 's lifestyle magazine publisher , businessman , and a well-known playboy .
It has been represented by the Greek letter '' '' since the mid-18th century , though it is also sometimes spelled out as `` pi ''  (  [ paɪ ]  )  .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
Super Metroid is a 2D side-scrolling action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo and released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 .
The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
The Black Eyed Peas  ( originally simply Black Eyed Peas )  is an American group , consisting of rappers will.i.am , apl.de.ap , Taboo , and singer Fergie .
Paradise is the third extended play  ( EP )  and second major release by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey ; it was released on November 9 , 2012 by Universal Music .
He was born in Harlem and was raised in Mount Vernon , New York .
Stephen Vincent Strange , M.D. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Kristofferson composed his own songs and collaborated with Nashville songwriters such as Shel Silverstein .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
His other notable film roles include the romantic comedy Love Actually  ( 2003 )  , the comic science fiction film The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy  ( 2005 )  , the semi-improvised comedy Nativity !
It depicts in the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins , who fight for peace with free will , and the Templars , who desire peace through control .
He failed , walked out , and founded a third party , the Progressive , so-called `` Bull Moose '' Party , which called for wide-ranging progressive reforms .
A former guitar instructor from Spokane , Washington , he has worked as a session musician and songwriter , making both studio and live appearances with several artists , and has been involved with several projects throughout his career .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  is a non-profit , non-partisan , non-violent volunteer citizens ' rights action group .
Kristen Mary Jenner  ( née Houghton ,  [ ˈhoʊtən ]  , formerly Kardashian ; born November 5 , 1955 )  is an American television personality who rose to fame for starring in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians , together with her family .
Her earlier roles include the title role in Electra at the National Institute of Dramatic Art  ( 1992 )  , Ophelia in Hamlet at the Belvoir St Theatre in Sydney  ( 1994 )  , Susan in Plenty in the West End  ( 1999 )  , and the title role in Hedda Gabler with the Sydney Theatre Company  ( 2004 )  .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Imperium is a 2016 American thriller film , written and directed by Daniel Ragussis , from a story by Michael German .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries .
The Walt Disney Company , commonly known as Disney , is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
Buckingham Palace  (  [ ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs ]  )  is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
`` Little Boy '' was the codename for the atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress Enola Gay , piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Jr. , commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Two years later , he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .
Lymelife is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written by brothers Derick Martini and Steven Martini , and directed by Derick Martini , depicting aspects of their life in 1970s Long Island from the perspective of a teenager .
Friday the 13th is an American horror franchise that comprises twelve slasher films , a television show , novels , comic books , video games , and tie‑in merchandise , as of 2017 .
Throughout his career , he has had 10 number-one albums on the Billboard 200 and five number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Played by Hollywood action star Steven Seagal , Ryback is a Chief Petty Officer and former Navy SEAL operator turned chef with top training in martial arts , explosives , special-weapons and tactics .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
In 2005 , Tennis magazine selected her as the greatest female tennis player for the years 1965 through 2005 .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
He has been nominated for three Academy Awards for his work in the films Primal Fear  ( 1996 )  , American History X  ( 1998 )  and Birdman  ( 2014 )  .
It is situated across a group of 118 small islands that are separated by canals and linked by bridges .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
The film was directed by George A. Romero and stars Timothy Hutton as Thad Beaumont and George Stark , Amy Madigan as Liz Beaumont , Michael Rooker as Sheriff Alan Pangborn and Royal Dano in his final film .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
Stars Dance is the solo debut studio album by American singer Selena Gomez .
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
It was co-written by John Milius with narration written by Michael Herr .
Kentucky Fried Chicken , more commonly known by its initials KFC , is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken .
Melvin Brooks  ( né Kaminsky , born June 28 , 1926 )  is an American filmmaker , comedian , actor and composer .
Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway .
Little Big Shots is an American children 's television and talent show that premiered on NBC on March 8 , 2016 .
On June 8 , 2016 , she was suspended from playing tennis for two years by the International Tennis Federation  ( ITF )  .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
The franchise mainly focuses on the fictional character Jason Voorhees , who drowned as a boy at Camp Crystal Lake due to the negligence of the camp staff .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Leslie Howard  ( born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 )  was an English stage and film actor , director and producer .
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr.  ( born December 28 , 1954 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Prometheus  (  [ prəˈmiːθiəs ]  )  is a 2012 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , Guy Pearce , Idris Elba , Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron .
In 2016 , following her contribution to several side projects during the early part of her career , Tiffany became the second Girls ' Generation member to release a solo debut album , I Just Wan na Dance .
Gimli is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth legendarium , featured in The Lord of the Rings .
In 2008 , he played Henry `` Mutt Williams '' Jones III in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise .
He has married three times and is the father of five children .
Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. .
Spencer Bonaventure Tracy  ( April 5 , 1900 -- June 10 , 1967 )  was an American actor , noted for his natural style and versatility .
Fahrenheit 451 is a 1966 British Dystopian science fiction drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Oskar Werner , Julie Christie , and Cyril Cusack .
Irwin Allen Ginsberg  (  [ ˈɡɪnzbərɡ ]  June 3 , 1926 -- April 5 , 1997 )  was an American poet of Jewish origin , and one of the leading figures of both the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the counterculture that soon would follow .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Hopper 's later work included a leading role in the short-lived television series Crash  ( 2008 -- 2009 )  , inspired by the Academy Award-winning film of the same name .
She studied musical theatre at the Arts Educational Schools , London , and made her stage breakthrough with a leading role in a 1987 production of 42nd Street .
He has released five studio albums , two compilation albums , and one live DVD .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
James Earl Carter Jr.  ( born October 1 , 1924 )  is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory .
Gareth Elwin Neame OBE  ( born 8 March 1967 )  is a British Emmy and Golden Globe award winning television producer and executive .
Frenemies is a 2012 teen comedy-drama television film and anthology based on the novel of the same name by Alexa Young which premiered on Disney Channel .
Brandon Cole `` Bam '' Margera  (  [ mɑrˈdʒɛərə ]  or ; born September 28 , 1979 )  is an American professional skateboarder , stunt performer , and television personality .
The war drew in all the world 's economic great powers , assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies  ( based on the Triple Entente of the Russian Empire , the French Third Republic , and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland )  versus the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Founded by Canadian and US ex-pat environmental activists in 1971 , Greenpeace states its goal is to `` ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity '' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change , deforestation , overfishing , commercial whaling , genetic engineering , and anti-nuclear issues .
It is , in part , a sequel to the Iliad , the other work ascribed to Homer .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
As the Vietnam War raged in 1969 , Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon held two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace , one at the Hilton Hotel in Amsterdam and one at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth in Montreal , each of which were intended to be non-violent protests against wars , and experimental tests of new ways to promote peace .
The film was produced by Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions .
Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .
Dortmund plays in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
He is a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award for his contributions to the cinema , and has won an Academy Award , a Palme d'Or , Cannes Film Festival Best Director Award , Silver Lion , Grammy Award , Emmys , Golden Globes , BAFTAs , and DGA Awards .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
Amerigo Vespucci  (  [ ameˈriːɡo vesˈputtʃi ]  ; March 9 , 1454February 22 , 1512 )  was an Italian explorer , financier , navigator and cartographer who first demonstrated that Brazil and the West Indies did not represent Asia 's eastern outskirts as initially conjectured from Columbus ' voyages , but instead constituted an entirely separate landmass hitherto unknown to Old Worlders .
He began his career in the 1980s , working as a voice artist on the satirical puppet show Spitting Image and providing voiceovers for television advertisements .
He is also known for his `` Bootleg Universe '' fanfilms which includes The Punisher : Dirty Laundry , and Power/Rangers .
The film received positive reviews from critics and grossed over $ 318 million worldwide from its $ 20 million budget , making it one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time .
He is known for his role as Tim `` The Toolman '' Taylor in the ABC television show Home Improvement  ( 1991 -- 1999 )  as well as for his starring roles in several films , including the role of Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story franchise .
Not all tumors are cancerous ; benign tumors do not spread to other parts of the body .
Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton  (  [ ˈhɪləri daɪˈæn ˈrɒdəm ˈklɪntən ]  born October 26 , 1947 )  is an American politician who was the 67th United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013 , U.S. Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009 , First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the Democratic Party 's nominee for President of the United States in the 2016 election .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in Oakland , California .
One of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century , Martin was nicknamed the `` King of Cool '' for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance .
Minnesota  (  [  [ ˌmɪnəˈso̞ɾɐ ]  help = no ]  )  is a state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States .
Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums , and sold over 100 million records worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s .
Before being elected to the presidency , Jackson served in Congress and gained fame as a general in the United States Army .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
The film stars Ben Affleck , Rosamund Pike , Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
He was loaned out to Universal for a film called Three Smart Girls  ( 1936 )  , and its success saw Milland given a lead role in The Jungle Princess  ( also 1936 )  alongside new starlet Dorothy Lamour .
Her most notable role is that of Dr. Camille Saroyan , head of the Forensic Division , in the forensic crime drama Bones .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
The series will launch on 5 June 2017 on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom .
She is the Penthouse Pet of the Month for June 2001 .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Jonas released his third studio album , Last Year Was Complicated  ( 2016 )  , through the label .
Michael Trent Reznor  ( born May 17 , 1965 )  , known professionally as Trent Reznor , is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and film score composer .
The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Elbe , one of the first known recipients of sex reassignment surgery , Alicia Vikander as Wegener , Ben Whishaw as Henrik , Sebastian Koch as Dr. Kurt Warnekros , Amber Heard as Ulla Paulson and Matthias Schoenaerts as Hans Axgil .
The group released a record-setting twelve number-one hit singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 , including `` Where Did Our Love Go '' , `` Baby Love '' , `` Come See About Me '' , `` Stop !
He was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Awards , and received two Saturn Awards , including one for Best Actor .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films and other television series of the franchise .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Set during the Cold War , the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan , who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers -- a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960 -- in exchange for Rudolf Abel , a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States , whom he represented at trial .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Gaius Julius Caesar  (  [ ˈɡaː.i.ʊs ˈjuː.li.ʊs ˈkae̯.sar ]  ; 13 July 100 BC -- 15 March 44 BC )  , known as Julius Caesar , was a Roman politician , general , and notable author of Latin prose .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
Called `` The King of Cool , '' his `` anti-hero '' persona developed at the height of the counterculture of the 1960s and made him a top box-office draw of the 1960s and 1970s .
Pixar began in 1979 as the Graphics Group , part of the Lucasfilm computer division , before its spin-out as a corporation in 1986 , with funding by Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs , who became the majority shareholder .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
The House of Lusignan  (  [ ˈluːzᵻnjɒn ]  )  was a royal house of French origin , which ruled much of Europe and the Levant , including the kingdoms of Jerusalem , Cyprus , and Armenia , from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages .
He has been variously called the father of palaeontology , ichnology , and architecture , and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
He was known for his leading role as a peace-loving Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , in the 1970s television series Kung Fu .
From 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University 's Society of Fellows , where he developed the theory of transformational grammar for which he was awarded his doctorate in 1955 .
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler briefly appointed him a military commander and later Commander of the Replacement  ( Home )  Army and General Plenipotentiary for the administration of the entire Third Reich  ( Generalbevollmächtigter für die Verwaltung )  .
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes  (  [ ˈfaɪnz ]  born 27 May 1970 )  is an English film and stage actor .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
Reeves is best known for his acting career , beginning in 1985 and spanning more than three decades .
Created by artist/writer Rob Liefeld and writer Fabian Nicieza , the character first appeared in The New Mutants # 98  ( cover-dated February 1991 )  .
Rashida Leah Jones  ( born February 25 , 1976 )  is an American actress , comic book author , producer , singer , and screenwriter .
He is a highly prolific actor , having appeared in over 100 films , including Die Hard with a Vengeance  ( 1995 )  , Unbreakable  ( 2000 )  , Shaft  ( 2000 )  , The 51st State  ( 2001 )  , Black Snake Moan  ( 2006 )  , Snakes on a Plane  ( 2006 )  , and the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 1999 -- 2005 )  , as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26 , 2016 , as the third single from the album .
During one orbit around the Sun , Earth rotates about its axis over 365 times ; thus , an Earth year is about 365.26 days long .
Grace Avery VanderWaal  ( born January 15 , 2004 )  is an American singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York .
The character was created by writer Gerry Conway and artists John Romita Sr. and Ross Andru , with publisher Stan Lee green-lighting the name .
The film stars Clark Gable and Jean Harlow in their sixth and final film collaboration , and features Lionel Barrymore , Frank Morgan , Walter Pidgeon , Hattie McDaniel , and Margaret Hamilton .
Pompeii , along with Herculaneum and many villas in the suzrrounding area , was mostly destroyed and buried under 4 to of volcanic ash and pumice in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
Created by artist Steve Ditko and writer Stan Lee , the character first appeared in Strange Tales # 110  ( cover-dated July 1963 )  .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .
Thomas Baptiste Morello  ( born May 30 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , actor and political activist .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
For the film Trumbo  ( 2015 )  , he received widespread acclaim and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor .
In 2017 , Nanjiani starred in the romantic comedy film The Big Sick , which he wrote with his wife Emily V. Gordon .
Evolution is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records .
The Gadsden flag is a historical American flag with a yellow field depicting a rattlesnake coiled and ready to strike .
Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan  (  [ ; born 27 December 1965 )  , credited as Salman Khan  ( pronunciation :  [ - hnssəlˈmaːn ˈxaːn ]  )  , is an Indian film actor , producer , television personality , singer and philanthropist .
Havoc is a 2005 crime drama film starring Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips , with Shiri Appleby , Freddy Rodriguez , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Michael Biehn , and Laura San Giacomo appearing in supporting roles .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
A double album , it was released posthumously following his death on March 9 , 1997 .
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
The Golden Girls is an American sitcom created by Susan Harris that originally aired on NBC from September 14 , 1985 , to May 9 , 1992 , with a total of 180 half-hour episodes spanning over seven seasons .
The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe .
Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Naughton was one-third of the R&B trio 3LW and is known for her acting roles in Fame , Notorious , where she played Lil ' Kim , and The Playboy Club .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
It was first released on August 27 , 2002 , by Immortal Records and distributed by Virgin Records .
Philadelphia is the economic and cultural anchor of the Delaware Valleya region located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers with 7.2 million people residing in the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States .
On October 18 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series through its thirteenth season .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
John Patrick McEnroe Jr.  ( born February 16 , 1959 )  is an American former World No. 1 professional tennis player , often rated among the greatest players of all time in the sport , especially for his touch on the volley .
Born to a Russian Jewish family in Leningrad , Yelchin relocated to the United States , where he began performing in the late 1990s , appearing in several television and film roles , and received recognition in Hearts in Atlantis  ( 2001 )  .
They include the Gallo-Romance and Iberian-Romance branches as well as northern Italian .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
Leary was the star and co-creator of Rescue Me , which ended its seventh and final season on September 7 , 2011 .
The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper .
The series is broadcast on the cable television channel FX in the United States .
Spiders  ( order Araneae )  are air-breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American biographical black comedy crime film directed by Martin Scorsese .
Financial crimes are crimes against property , involving the unlawful conversion of the ownership of property  ( belonging to one person )  to one 's own personal use and benefit .
James Owen Sullivan  ( February 9 , 1981 -- December 28 , 2009 )  , professionally known by his stage name The Rev  ( shortened version of The Reverend Tholomew Plague )  , was an American musician , composer and songwriter , best known as the drummer , composer , songwriter , backing  ( occasional co-leading )  vocalist and founding member for the American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold .
In 2016 , Britton had a recurring role as socialite Faye Resnick in the first season of FX true crime anthology series American Crime Story .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Justin Pierre James Trudeau  ( born December 25 , 1971 )  is a Canadian politician .
Known as a magical order , the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was active in Great Britain and focused its practices on theurgy and spiritual development .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
The series began in Kodansha 's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 , 2009 , and has been collected into 22 tankōbon volumes as of April 2017 .
Hopper has an additional posthumous credit in the completed , but unreleased Orson Welles drama The Other Side of the Wind , acquired for distribution by Netflix .
Pawel Tomasz Wasilewski  ( born July 23 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Paul Wesley , is an American actor , director , and producer .
The Nile , which is 6,853 km  ( 4,258 miles )  long , is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries , namely , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo-Kinshasa , Kenya , Ethiopia , Eritrea , South Sudan , Sudan and Egypt .
A member of the Democratic Party , he represented Delaware as a United States Senator from 1973 until becoming Vice President in 2009 .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
In 2013 , Evans starred as the main antagonist Owen Shaw in the blockbuster Fast & Furious 6 , and also played Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson 's three-part adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit .
She began her career in television , making appearances in commercials and television shows , and later appeared in the films Jaws : The Revenge , The Land Before Time , and All Dogs Go to Heaven , supplying the voice for animated characters in the latter two .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Purple is the second studio album by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots , released on June 7 , 1994 by Atlantic Records .
The film was released on February 19 , 1999 and was a critical and financial failure , although it has come to gain a cult following .
An anime television adaptation produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G aired in Japan on MBS between April and September 2013 and a second season of the series premiered in April 2017 .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
The Crown is a biographical drama television series , created and written by Peter Morgan and produced by Left Bank Pictures and Sony Pictures Television for Netflix .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
The Kingdom of Prussia was thus abolished in favour of a republic -- the Free State of Prussia , a state of Germany from 1918 until 1933 .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
A Democrat , he won a record four presidential elections and emerged as a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century .
Over the years the band has had various line-ups , the only constant being vocalist Tyla .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Leto has also directed music videos , including the MTV Video Music Award -- winning `` The Kill ''  ( 2006 )  , `` Kings and Queens ''  ( 2009 )  , and `` Up in the Air ''  ( 2013 )  .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
The film was released on August 10 , 1979 , by Paramount Pictures .
He was already showing signs of syphilitic dementia early in his sentence , and he became increasingly debilitated before being released after eight years .
It is the second most populous city in Pakistan and the 32nd most populous city in the world .
It offers bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , and doctorates , and medical , dental , business , and law degrees through 17 schools and colleges on two urban campuses .
Magna Carta Libertatum  ( Medieval Latin for `` the Great Charter of the Liberties '' )  , commonly called Magna Carta  ( also Magna Charta ; ''  ( the )  Great Charter '' )  , is a charter agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede , near Windsor , on 15 June 1215 .
On July 4 , 1776 , during the course of the American Revolutionary War , the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee , scripter Don Rico , and artist Don Heck , the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No. 52  ( April 1964 )  .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy .
His 1979 album Prince went platinum , and his next three records -- Dirty Mind  ( 1980 )  , Controversy  ( 1981 )  , and 1999  ( 1982 )  -- continued his success , showcasing Prince 's prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk , dance , and rock music .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
She played reporter Lois Lane in the 2013 superhero film Man of Steel and a troubled con artist in David O. Russell 's film American Hustle ; for the latter , she won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
Today , Disney is the only member of the Big Six whose parent entity is still located near Los Angeles  ( actually , on Disney 's studio lot and in the same building )  .
Buckingham Palace  (  [ ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs ]  )  is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
Split is a 2016 American psychological horror-thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
He is best known for the liberal decisions of the so-called Warren Court , which outlawed segregation in public schools and transformed many areas of American law , especially regarding the rights of the accused , ending public school-sponsored prayers , and requiring `` one man -- one vote '' rules of apportionment of election districts .
Venice  (  [ langˈvɛnɪs ]  ; Venezia  [ veˈnɛtsja ]  ; Venesia  [ - vecveˈnɛsja ]  )  is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are -- in order from northwest to southeast : Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Lānai , Kahoolawe , Maui , and the Island of Hawaii .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
She has also returned to television , playing the supporting role of Queen Sophie-Anne on True Blood from 2009 to 2011 and playing Kate Winslet 's character 's daughter in the HBO miniseries Mildred Pierce  ( 2011 )  , a role for which she was nominated for the Golden Globe and Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman .
Due to its performing below expectations , all subsequent installments were cancelled and a new iteration of the character , portrayed by Tom Holland , appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , beginning with the 2016 film Captain America : Civil War .
Poland is the eighth largest and one of the most dynamic economies in the European Union , simultaneously achieving a `` very high '' ranking on the Human Development Index .
Based on the original The Voice of Holland , the concept of the series is to find currently unsigned singing talent  ( solo or duets , professional and amateur )  contested by aspiring singers , age 13 or over , drawn from public auditions .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
A member of the Baldwin family , he is the oldest of the four Baldwin brothers , all actors .
It is the third installment in the live-action Transformers film series , and is the sequel to 2009 's Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
The band 's Where We Are Tour in support of Midnight Memories and Four , was the highest-grossing concert tour in 2014 , and the highest-grossing tour ever by a vocal group , generating $ 282 million .
During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in  ( RBI )  , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
She is a member of the K-pop girl group Red Velvet .
Craven filmed A Nightmare on Elm Street on an estimated budget of $ 1.8 million , a sum the film earned back during its first week .
The series draws consistently high ratings for the FX network , with its first season being the most-viewed new cable series of 2011 .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26 , 2016 , as the third single from the album .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Wayne Mark Rooney  (  [ ˈruːni ]  born 24 October 1985 )  is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains both Manchester United and the England national team .
Created by artist Steve Ditko and writer Stan Lee , the character first appeared in Strange Tales # 110  ( cover-dated July 1963 )  .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
During an extended Louie hiatus , C.K. created and starred in his web series Horace and Pete in 2016 , and voiced the lead role in the animated film The Secret Life of Pets the same year .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
Ethiopia  (  [ ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə ]  ኢትዮጵያ , , )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia  ( የኢትዮጵያ ፌዴራላዊ ዲሞክራሲያዊ ሪፐብሊክ , yeʾĪtiyoṗṗya Fēdēralawī Dēmokirasīyawī Rīpebilīk )  , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx .
From 2006 to 2011 , he co-starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus .
Brittany Murphy-Monjack  ( born Brittany Anne Bertolotti ; November 10 , 1977 -- December 20 , 2009 )  , known professionally as Brittany Murphy , was an American film and stage actress , singer , and voice artist .
Boston University  ( commonly referred to as BU )  is a private research university located in Boston , Massachusetts .
The series follows an anthology format , with each season set in a different era with a different story , cast , and set of characters ; however , each season shares a common chronology with the original film .
The species is classified in the genus Panthera with the lion , leopard , jaguar and snow leopard .
It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , selling 310,000 copies in its opening week and reached high positions on charts worldwide .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
A prolific `` B '' movie actor , he appeared in more than 100 feature films in career spanning over sixty years .
He received three death sentences in two separate trials for the Florida homicides .
Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 during the eighth series of the UK version of The X Factor .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
He is searching for the persons who attacked him and killed his wife , using an intricate system of Polaroid photographs and tattoos to track information he can not remember .
Bahrain  (  [ bɑːˈreɪn ]  البحرين )  , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain , is a small Arab monarchy in the Arabian Gulf .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
The school 's intercollegiate competitive sports teams , the four-time football national champion Yellow Jackets , and the nationally recognized fight song `` Ramblin ' Wreck from Georgia Tech '' , have helped keep Georgia Tech in the national spotlight .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
Margaret Osborne duPont  ( born Margaret Evelyn Osborne ; March 4 , 1918 -- October 24 , 2012 )  was a World No. 1 American female tennis player .
The Fate of the Furious  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 )  is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan .
It is the 55th Disney animated feature film .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
The series stars Bella Thorne , Charlie DePew , Georgie Flores , Carter Jenkins , Niki Koss , Keith Powers , Pepi Sonuga , and Perrey Reeves .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Unapologetic is the seventh studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
The film serves as a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise , and stars Queen Latifah as Gina , a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2 : Back in Business .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy .
Pritchett 's family includes his second wife , her son and his stepson , as well as his two adult children and their spouses and children .
The fifth installment in the Terminator franchise , it serves as a soft reboot to the film series that features the main characters from the first two films , portrayed by a new cast with the exception of Arnold Schwarzenegger , who reprises his role as the eponymous character .
She is well known for her role as Dr. Remy `` Thirteen '' Hadley on the award-winning medical television series House  ( 2007 -- 12 )  and her roles in Alpha Dog  ( 2007 )  , Tron : Legacy  ( 2010 )  , Cowboys & Aliens  ( 2011 )  , Her  ( 2013 )  , Drinking Buddies  ( 2013 )  , and Rush  ( 2013 )  .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
Jane Eyre is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Cary Fukunaga and starring Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender .
Two of the Hornblower books , A Ship of the Line and Flying Colours , were jointly awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction in 1938 .
He won seven Grand Slam singles titles  ( three at Wimbledon and four at the US Open )  , nine Grand Slam men 's doubles titles , and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title .
Hilary Swank  ( born July 30 , 1974 )  is an American actress and producer .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
Adventure Time has won awards including : six Primetime Emmy Awards , a Peabody Award , three Annie Awards , two British Academy Children 's Awards , a Motion Picture Sound Editors Award , a Pixel Award , and a Kerrang !
The United States Environmental Protection Agency  ( EPA or sometimes USEPA )  is an agency of the Federal government of the United States which was created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulations based on laws passed by Congress .
He graduated from Danish National School of Theatre in Copenhagen in 1993 .
She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom  ( 1995 )  along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
It was the first atomic bomb to be used in warfare .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American Technicolor war film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo  (  [ ˈkɒŋɡəʊ ]   [ kɔ̃ɡo ]  ; République démocratique du Congo )  , also known as DR Congo , DRC , DROC , Congo-Kinshasa or simply the Congo , is a country located in Central Africa .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
Terminator Salvation is a 2009 American post-apocalyptic science fiction war film directed by McG and starring Christian Bale and Sam Worthington .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
The film was released on February 26 , 2010 to positive reviews from critics , and was a modest box office success .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
Are You Experienced is the debut studio album by English-American rock band the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's novel of the same name .
Her is a 2013 American romantic science-fiction drama film written , directed , and produced by Spike Jonze .
Wood was also known for his flamboyance .
He also appeared in motion pictures such as Armageddon  ( 1998 )  , The Whole Nine Yards  ( 2000 )  , The Scorpion King  ( 2002 )  , Daredevil  ( 2003 )  and Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  .
He is known for playing Stefan Salvatore in The CW 's supernatural drama The Vampire Diaries  ( 2009 -- 2017 )  and as Aaron Corbett in the ABC Family miniseries Fallen .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
China was a major economic power and attracted many to the east , and for many the legendary wealth and prosperity of the ancient culture of India personified Asia , attracting European commerce , exploration and colonialism .
Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. Dortmund , commonly known as Borussia Dortmund  [ boˈʁʊsi̯aː ˈdɔʁtmʊnt ]  , BVB , or simply Dortmund , is a German sports club based in Dortmund , North Rhine-Westphalia  ( Borussia is the Latin equivalent of Prussia )  .
It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name but includes contributions by William Goldman .
It features an ensemble cast , many of whom had worked with Curtis in previous film and television projects .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  was founded in 1999 in Kingston , Jamaica .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
Co-produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios , and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing , it is intended to be the second reboot of the Spider-Man film franchise and the sixteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.  ( born September 27 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Lil Wayne , is an American hip hop recording artist .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
The Pastry War , the Franco-Mexican War , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship occurred through the 19th century .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Myles Richard Kennedy  ( born Myles Richard Bass ; November 27 , 1969 )  is an American musician , singer , and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge , and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash 's backing band , known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
He was the artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London from 2004 until stepping down in mid-2015 .
The series premiered on July 19 , 2007 , on the cable network AMC .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name .
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s , it experienced mixed fortunes domestically , as it went through a series of changes in corporate ownership with little or no experience in the restaurant business .
He has received three Golden Globe awards , a Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory  ( 1989 )  and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller Training Day  ( 2001 )  .
He is best known for his semi-autobiographical novel Ask the Dust  ( 1939 )  about the life of a struggling writer , Arturo Bandini , in Depression-era Los Angeles .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
It stars Judi Dench , Bob Hoskins , Kelly Reilly , and Pop Idol winner Will Young in his acting debut .
It debuted on Disney Channel on January 17 , 2003 , and ended its run on November 10 , 2007 .
Shah Rukh Khan  ( born Shahrukh Khan ; 2 November 1965 )  , also known as SRK , is an Indian film actor , producer and television personality .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out .
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy  ( ESWT )  is a treatment used in physical therapy , orthopedics , urology and cardiology .
Her tenth album , Shakira  ( 2014 )  , is preceded by its lead single , `` Ca n't Remember to Forget You '' .
Lipstick Waale Sapne  ( English : Lipstick Under My Burkha )  is an Indian film made in Hindi .
Koepp has directed six films over the course of his career : The Trigger Effect  ( 1996 )  , Stir of Echoes  ( 1999 )  , Secret Window  ( 2004 )  , Ghost Town  ( 2008 )  , Premium Rush  ( 2012 )  , and Mortdecai  ( 2015 )  .
Leighton Marissa Meester  ( born April 9 , 1986 )  is an American actress , singer-songwriter and model .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
Grunge became commercially successful in the early 1990s , due to releases such as Nirvana 's Nevermind , Pearl Jam 's Ten , Soundgarden 's Superunknown , Alice in Chains ' Dirt and Stone Temple Pilots ' Core .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
Paramore is the self-titled fourth studio album by American rock band Paramore .
He is the son of Chuck Wackerman , an educator in the Los Alamitos California Unified School District .
After singing in church during her childhood , she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager .
The group debuted on August 1 , 2014 , with their digital single `` Happiness '' and with four members : Irene , Seulgi , Wendy and Joy .
Michael Richard Pence  ( born June 7 , 1959 )  is an American politician , lawyer , and the 48th and current Vice President of the United States .
Watchmen was recognized in Times List of the 100 Best Novels as one of the best English language novels published since 1923 , and placed # 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century .
The show was first broadcast on the British Channel 4 , in 2011 .
His 1966 debut album with the Mothers of Invention , Freak Out !
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Despite its prevalence in the environment , no known form of life uses aluminium salts metabolically , but aluminium is well tolerated by plants and animals .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
Lyme disease is transmitted to humans by the bite of infected ticks of the Ixodes genus .
   NOTOC   
Superunknown is the fourth album by American rock band Soundgarden , released on March 8 , 1994 , through A&M Records .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
She was born an Archduchess of Austria , and was the fifteenth and second youngest child of Empress Maria Theresa and Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor .
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film .
Developed by Ronald D. Moore and produced by Sony Pictures Television and Left Bank Pictures for Starz , the show premiered on August 9 , 2014 .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
It was formed on 1 November 1956 following the States Reorganisation Act by combining Malayalam-speaking regions .
His roles as a voice actor include Rex in Babe , Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two , and Megatron in the Transformers film series .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players , including international players .
The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .
He is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in the American television series The Wonder Years , which ran from 1988 to 1993 .
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun .
She appeared as a regular cast member on the American political thriller television series Scandal in the role of Elizabeth North from 2014 to 2017 .
Thomas William Hiddleston  ( born 9 February 1981 )  is an English actor , producer and musical performer .
Zain Javadd `` Zayn '' Malik  (  [ 'm ælɪk ]  زین مالک )   ( born 12 January 1993 )  , who records mononymously as Zayn , is a British singer and songwriter .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s , and over the next decade included several films and television series .
Along with her brother Derek Hough  ( who is a six-time winner of the dancing show )  and Tessandra Chavez , she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography in 2015 .
`` Dirty Diana '' is a song by American artist Michael Jackson .
Intent on further pursuing a solo career as a rapper , he went on to release two additional mixtapes after signing to Jay Z 's Roc Nation imprint in 2009 .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Donald McNichol Sutherland ,  ( born 17 July 1935 )  is a Canadian actor whose film career spans five decades .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
Black Panther is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Pataky is best known for her role as Elena Neves in The Fast and the Furious franchise .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
It is the first novel of the Blue Lagoon trilogy , which also includes The Garden of God  ( 1923 )  and The Gates of Morning  ( 1925 )  .
In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion .
Boomerang was released in the United States on July 1 , 1992 .
The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate  ( ایلخانان , Ilkhānān ; Хүлэгийн улс , Hulagu-yn Ulus )  , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
After graduating at 19 , Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University , learning and eventually creating his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham -- value investing .
Cecil Louis Troughton Smith  ( 27 August 1899 -- 2 April 1966 )  , known by his pen name Cecil Scott `` C. S. '' Forester , was an English novelist known for writing tales of naval warfare such as the 12-book Horatio Hornblower series , depicting a Royal Navy officer during the Napoleonic wars .
Iverson was an eleven-time NBA All-Star , won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005 , and was the NBA 's Most Valuable Player  ( MVP )  in 2001 .
It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga .
It stars Ryan Gosling , Bradley Cooper , Eva Mendes , Emory Cohen and Dane DeHaan , with Ben Mendelsohn , Rose Byrne , Mahershala Ali , Bruce Greenwood , Harris Yulin , and Ray Liotta in supporting roles .
Released annually from 2005 through 2008 , the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella `` Bella '' Swan , a girl who moves to Forks , Washington , and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire named Edward Cullen .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
Abū Bakr al-Baghdadi  ( أبو بكر البغدادي born 28 July 1971 as Ibrahim Awad Ibrahim al-Badri إبراهيم عواد إبراهيم علي محمد البدري السامرائي )  is the leader of the Sunni militant jihadist organisation known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  ( ISIL )  , which controls territory in western Iraq , Syria , Libya and Afghanistan .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
The brown bear  ( Ursus arctos )  is a large bear with the widest distribution of any living ursid .
After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Jack & Jill  ( 1999 -- 2001 )  .
Fences is a 2016 American period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and written by August Wilson , based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name  ( Wilson died in 2005 , but completed a screenplay before his death )  .
He is the son of former Chechen President Akhmad Kadyrov , who was assassinated in May 2004 .
In 2010 , she was nominated for two Screen Actors Guild Awards : as the lead actress in When Love Is Not Enough : The Lois Wilson Story and as part of the cast of Black Swan .
Angelina Jolie Pitt  (  [ dʒoʊˈliː ]  ; née Voight ; born June 4 , 1975 )  is an American actress , filmmaker , philanthropist and humanitarian .
The release of their fourth studio album saw a decline in sales for the band , though was still fairly successful .
Chan Kong-sang , SBS , MBE , PMW ,  (  [ ; born 7 April 1954 )  , known professionally as Jackie Chan , is a Hong Kong martial artist , actor , film director , producer , stuntman , and singer .
The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Howard Deutch , and written and produced by John Hughes .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  (  [ neɡ̊olaɪ̯ kʰʌsd̥ɐ ˈʋald̥ɑʊ̯ ]  ; born 27 July 1970 )  is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter .
Colloquially referred to as the New World , this second super continent came to be termed `` Americas '' , deriving its name from Americus , the Latin version of Vespucci 's first name .
A third plane , American Airlines Flight 77 , was crashed into the Pentagon  ( the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense )  in Arlington County , Virginia , leading to a partial collapse of the building 's western side .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Franco  ( born April 14 , 1980 )  is an American actor , artist and the founder of the Firehouse Art Collective in Berkeley , California .
The film stars Robert De Niro , Leslie Mann , Danny DeVito , Edie Falco , Veronica Ferres , Charles Grodin , Cloris Leachman , Patti LuPone and Harvey Keitel .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
He is well known for his portrayal of Andy Dufresne in the prison drama film The Shawshank Redemption  ( 1994 )  .
Arkham 's high-profile patients are often from Batman 's rogues gallery , such as the Joker , Two-Face , Poison Ivy , the Riddler , Harley Quinn , Clayface , Mad Hatter , Killer Croc , Mr. Freeze , and Scarecrow .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
The character is voiced by Eddie Murphy .
His best-known film acting roles were as Egon Spengler in Ghostbusters  ( 1984 )  and Ghostbusters II  ( 1989 )  and Russell Ziskey in Stripes  ( 1981 )  ; he also co-wrote those films .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series .
Steven Patrick Morrissey  ( born 22 May 1959 )  , professionally known as Morrissey , is an English singer , songwriter and author .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
Andrew John Leonard Fletcher  ( born 8 July 1961 )  , popularly known as `` Fletch '' , is an English keyboard player and founding member of the electronic band Depeche Mode .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
The Panthers compete in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference  ( NFC )  South division .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
Anthony Howard Goldwyn  ( born May 20 , 1960 )  is an American actor , producer , director and political activist .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
Written by Affleck and Damon  ( and with Damon in the title role )  , the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting , an unrecognized genius who , as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer , becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor .
The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Broderick Stephen `` Steve '' Harvey  ( born January 17 , 1957 )  is an American comedian , television host , producer , radio personality , actor , and author .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
David Harbour  ( born April 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
Based on the autobiography of the same name of Reinaldo Arenas , which was published in English in 1993 , the screenplay was written by Schnabel , Cunningham O'Keefe and Lázaro Gómez Carriles .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Santos Futebol Clube  (  [ ˈsɐ̃tus futʃiˈbɔw ˈklubi ]  )  , commonly known as Santos or Peixe  (  [ ˈpejʃi ]  )  , is a Brazilian professional football club based in Vila Belmiro , a bairro in the city of Santos .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
Reznor and Ross scored the David Fincher films The Social Network  ( 2010 )  , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  ( 2011 )  , and Gone Girl  ( 2014 )  , winning the Academy Award for Best Original Score for The Social Network and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo .
Sir James Paul McCartney ,  ( born 18 June 1942 )  is an English singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and composer .
Stephanie Young Hwang  ( born August 1 , 1989 )  , known professionally as Tiffany or Tiffany Hwang , is an American singer based in South Korea .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
The 19th G7 Summit was held in Tokyo , Japan , on July 7 -- 9 , 1993 .
In Dubious Battle is a 2016 drama film directed by and produced by James Franco , based on John Steinbeck 's novel of the same name , with a screenplay by Matt Rager .
Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
The OA is an American mystery drama web television series with science fiction , supernatural , and fantasy elements , which debuted on Netflix on December 16 , 2016 .
Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal , the band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland , bassist Greg K. , lead guitarist Kevin `` Noodles '' Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada .
The Group of Seven  ( G7 )  was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada  ( since 1976 )  and the President of the European Commission  ( starting officially in 1981 )  .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
The film stars Vin Diesel , Donnie Yen , Deepika Padukone , Kris Wu , Ruby Rose , Tony Jaa , Nina Dobrev , Toni Collette , and Samuel L. Jackson .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
The show ran for five seasons on the USA Network , from March 2 , 1996 to April 9 , 2000 , with a total of 101 episodes .
The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Elbe , one of the first known recipients of sex reassignment surgery , Alicia Vikander as Wegener , Ben Whishaw as Henrik , Sebastian Koch as Dr. Kurt Warnekros , Amber Heard as Ulla Paulson and Matthias Schoenaerts as Hans Axgil .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
The screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. and David Rayfiel was adapted from the 1974 novel Six Days of the Condor by James Grady .
She has won two Academy Awards for Best Actress and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2007 .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
Constance Elaine Britton  ( née Womack ; born March 6 , 1967 )  is an American actress , singer and producer .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
Return to Paradise is a 1998 American drama-thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben , written by Wesley Strick and Bruce Robinson , and starring Vince Vaughn , Anne Heche , and Joaquin Phoenix .
He currently hosts Talking Dead , an hourly aftershow on AMC , affiliated with the network 's zombie drama series The Walking Dead and Fear the Walking Dead as well as `` Talking with Chris Hardwick '' , a show in which Hardwick interviews prominent pop culture figures ; @midnight with Chris Hardwick , a nightly comedy-game show series on Comedy Central , and The Wall , a `` plinko '' inspired gameshow on NBC .
A member of the Republican Party , he was previously a congressman , ambassador , and Director of Central Intelligence .
Born into a Prussian family with a long military tradition , Rundstedt entered the Prussian Army in 1892 .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
Thicke has worked with several artists , such as Christina Aguilera , Nicki Minaj , K. Michelle , Pharrell Williams , Usher , Jennifer Hudson , Flo Rida , Brandy , Kid Cudi and Mary J. Blige , among others .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Terence Steven `` Steve '' McQueen  ( March 24 , 1930 -- November 7 , 1980 )  was an American actor .
He is best known for the allegorical novella Animal Farm  ( 1945 )  and the dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four  ( 1949 )  .
It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy , following Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( 2015 )  .
He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .
He was initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism , but he came to rule according to his own Third International Theory .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons .
Spain was the first European country to claim the area of Texas .
He graduated from West Point in 1915 and later married Mamie Doud , with whom he had two sons .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
The diet forces the body to burn fats rather than carbohydrates .
She married Thomas Quiney , a vintner of Stratford-upon-Avon .
   NOTOC   
French is an official language in 29 countries , most of which are members of la francophonie , the community of French-speaking countries .
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
Kiara Saulters  ( born May 24 , 1995 )  , known professionally as Kiiara , is an American singer and songwriter from Wilmington , Illinois .
Prior to marrying Paul , she was a professional photographer of celebrities and contemporary musicians , with her work published in music industry magazines .
She achieved further fame for playing the protagonist in the 2012 musical comedy Pitch Perfect and the 2015 sequel , Pitch Perfect 2 .
Originally formed in 1964 as My Backyard in Jacksonville , Florida , the band was also known by names such as The Noble Five and One Percent , before finally deciding on `` Lynyrd Skynyrd '' in 1969 .
Jennifer Anne Garner  ( born April 17 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Widely known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino , he received acclaim for portraying SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds  ( 2009 )  and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Django Unchained  ( 2012 )  .
Boomerang is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin .
It is the world 's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue , after Comcast .
Kerala  (  [ ˈkɛrələ ]  )  historically known as Keralam , is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar Coast .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized , long-range , narrow-body , four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979 .
It is directed by Curtis Hanson with an adapted screenplay by Susannah Grant and stars Cameron Diaz , Toni Collette , and Shirley MacLaine .
ogaˌmʌntriːˈɒl ]  )  , officially Montréal  (  [ mɔ̃ʁeal ]  )  , is the most populous municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec and the 2nd-most populous in Canada , after Toronto .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
The film was released in the United States on October 2 , 2009 .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Linux  ( pronounced  [ - en audio = Linus-linux .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
He 's best known for his slapstick comedy roles in Malayalam cinema and he is the Richest superstar and third highest paid actor of malayalm cinema .
After a critically acclaimed performance in Bus Stop  ( 1956 )  and acting in the first independent production of MMP , The Prince and the Showgirl  ( 1957 )  , she won a Golden Globe for Best Actress for Some Like It Hot  ( 1959 )  .
Born and raised in the Austrian Empire , Tesla received an advanced education in engineering and physics in the 1870s and gained practical experience in the early 1880s working in telephony and at Continental Edison in the new electric power industry .
In 1968 , he ran for the presidency again and was elected by defeating incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
It features an ensemble cast starring Bella Thorne , Zendaya , Stefanie Scott , Nick Robinson , Mary Mouser and features Connor Price , Jascha Washington and Dylan Everett .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
An Italian-led production with co-producers in France and the United Kingdom , the film is Garrone 's first English-language film .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
Zinedine Yazid Zidane  (  [ zinedin zidan ]  , born 23 June 1972 )  , nicknamed `` Zizou '' , is a retired French footballer and current manager of Real Madrid .
Sir Ben Kingsley  ( born Krishna Pandit Bhanji ; 31 December 1943 )  is an English actor with a career spanning over 40 years .
Sutherland rose to fame after starring in series of successful films including The Dirty Dozen  ( 1967 )  , M * A * S * H  ( 1970 )  , Kelly 's Heroes  ( 1970 )  , Klute  ( 1971 )  , Do n't Look Now  ( 1973 )  , Fellini 's Casanova  ( 1976 )  , 1900  ( 1976 )  , Animal House  ( 1978 )  , Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , Ordinary People  ( 1980 )  and Eye of the Needle  ( 1981 )  .
BYD Auto Co. , Ltd. is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Xi'an , Shaanxi Province , and a wholly owned subsidiary of BYD Company .
She was born in Brooklyn , New York , and raised in Detroit , Michigan .
The chain purchased Sears for $ 11 billion in 2005 , forming a new corporation under the name Sears Holdings Corporation .
Starring James Stewart , John Dall and Farley Granger , this is the first of Hitchcock 's Technicolor films , and is notable for taking place in real time and being edited so as to appear as a single continuous shot through the use of long takes .
Sarcoidosis was first described in 1877 by the English doctor Jonathan Hutchinson as a non painful skin disease .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
The Carmichael Show is an American sitcom television series created by Nicholas Stoller , Jerrod Carmichael , Ari Katcher , and Willie Hunter that premiered on August 26 , 2015 , on NBC .
Nominated for 20 Academy Awards , Streep has more nominations than any other actor , and is one of the six actors to have won three or more competitive Oscars for acting .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
Sir Elton Hercules John ,  ( born Reginald Kenneth Dwight ; 25 March 1947 )  is an English singer , pianist , and composer .
Many victims were said to have been killed in a mixed-use building he owned , located about 3 mi west of the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair and said to have been a World 's Fair Hotel , though evidence suggests that the hotel portion was never truly open for business .
The brown bear  ( Ursus arctos )  is a large bear with the widest distribution of any living ursid .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union , abbreviated in English as CPSU , was the founding and ruling political party of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics  ( USSR or Soviet Union )  .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
The character was created by Paul Dini and Bruce Timm , and first appeared in Batman : The Animated Series in September 1992 .
Emily Jane Browning  ( born 7 December 1988 )  is an Australian actress and singer .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
John Joseph `` Jack '' Nicholson  ( born April 22 , 1937 )  is an American actor and filmmaker , who has performed for over 60 years .
Portia Lee James DeGeneres  ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; January 31 , 1973 )  , also known professionally as Portia de Rossi  (  [ ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi ]  )  , is an Australian and American actress , model , and philanthropist .
Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior  (  [ nejˈmaʁ dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈsɐ̃tus ˈʒũɲoʁ ]  ; born 5 February 1992 )  , commonly known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Brazil national team .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
Originally an alternative hip hop group , they subsequently changed their musical sound to pop and dance-pop music .
The abbreviation `` IQ '' was coined by the psychologist William Stern for the German term Intelligenzquotient , his term for a scoring method for intelligence tests at University of Wrocław he advocated in a 1912 book .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
The novel sold out its first print run of 750 copies in the middle of 1813 , marking a success for its author , who then had a second print run later that year .
Christopher `` Chris '' O'Dowd  ( born 9 October 1979 )  is an Irish actor , best known for comedic roles such as Roy Trenneman in the Channel 4 comedy The IT Crowd .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
The members of Radiohead self-produced the album with Nigel Godrich , an arrangement that the band has used on all of their subsequent albums to date .
The state is the tenth largest by area , the least populous and the second least densely populated state in the country .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
It is bordered by Sierra Leone to its west , Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
He won his first Primetime Emmy Award for his role in American Horror Story : Asylum  ( 2012 )  and a Canadian Screen Award for his role in Still Mine  ( 2013 )  .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Independence Day : Resurgence is a 2016 American science fiction film written and directed by Roland Emmerich with co-writers Dean Devlin , Nicolas Wright , James A. Woods , and James Vanderbilt .
Nerruku Ner  ( Face to Face )  is a 1997 Tamil dramatic thriller film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller .
Matt Damon stars as an astronaut who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars .
The sport is followed primarily in Australasia , Britain , the Indian subcontinent , southern Africa and the West Indies .
In a political career spanning six decades , Mukherjee was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress and occupied several ministerial portfolios in the Government of India .
Gillian MacLaren Jacobs  (  [ ˈɡɪliən ]  born October 19 , 1982 )  is an American actress .
Blunt made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play The Royal Family .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
STS-96 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station  ( ISS )  flown by Space Shuttle Discovery , and the first shuttle flight to dock with the International Space Station .
When it was released as a single , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' became a commercial success , staying at the top of the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks and selling more than a million copies by the end of January 1976 .
Benjamin Franklin , an associate of Galloway , was also a partner with the Chronicle .
Its sole land border is with Saudi Arabia to the south , with the rest of its territory surrounded by the Persian Gulf .
He released 16 albums after that , including the platinum-selling Musicology  ( 2004 )  .
Albania  (  [ ælˈbeɪniə ,   ɔːl - ]  , ; Shqipëri / Shqipëria Shqipni/Shqipnia or Shqypni/Shqypnia )  , officially the Republic of Albania  ( Republika e Shqipërisë ,  [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ]  )  , is a country in Southeastern Europe .
Finland , France , Iceland , Ireland , Luxembourg , Mexico,Same-sex marriage is legal in the states of Campeche , Coahuila , Colima , Jalisco , Michoacán , Morelos , Nayarit , Quintana Roo and Mexico City as well as in some municipalities in Guerrero , Puebla , Querétaro and Tamaulipas .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
A dwarf warrior , he is the son of Glóin  ( a character from Tolkien 's earlier novel , The Hobbit )  .
Smith 's first television role came in 2006 as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of Philip Pullman 's The Ruby in the Smoke and The Shadow in the North , while his first major role in television came as Danny in the 2007 BBC series Party Animals .
Ellyse Alexandra Perry  ( born 3 November 1990 )  is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women 's national soccer team at the age of 16 .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
The awards ceremony was first broadcast on radio in 1930 and televised for the first time in 1953 .
Hubert Horatio Humphrey Jr.  ( May 27 , 1911January 13 , 1978 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th Vice President of the United States under President Lyndon B. Johnson from 1965 to 1969 .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood 's golden age .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Starbucks locations serve hot and cold drinks , whole-bean coffee , microground instant coffee known as VIA , espresso , caffe latte , full - and loose-leaf teas including Teavana tea products , Evolution Fresh juices , Frappuccino beverages , La Boulange pastries , and snacks including items such as chips and crackers ; some offerings  ( including their annual fall launch of the Pumpkin Spice Latte )  are seasonal or specific to the locality of the store .
Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
During the Spanish -- American War , the United States captured Guam on June 21 , 1898 .
Heroin , also known as diamorphine among other names , is an opiate most commonly used as a recreational drug for its euphoric effects .
Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramírez , known as Richard Ramirez  ( February 29 , 1960 -- June 7 , 2013 )  , was an American serial killer , rapist , and burglar .
He is known for his stage role as Hamlet ; his roles in the television series Nathan Barley , Criminal Justice , The Hour and London Spy ; and film roles including Perfume : The Story of a Murderer  ( 2006 )  , I 'm Not There  ( 2007 )  , Bright Star  ( 2009 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Cloud Atlas  ( 2012 )  , The Lobster  ( 2015 )  , Suffragette  ( 2015 )  and The Danish Girl  ( 2015 )  .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
The club have been FA Cup finalists four times , in 1948 -- 49 , 1960 -- 61 , 1962 -- 63 and 1968 -- 69 .
He has married three times and is the father of five children .
The group is composed of eight members : Taeyeon , Sunny , Tiffany , Hyoyeon , Yuri , Sooyoung , Yoona , and Seohyun .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
The Contender is a 2000 political drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie .
According to the Forbes 2015 list of ` Celebrity 100 : The World 's Top-Paid Entertainers 2015 ' , Khan was the highest ranked Indian in 71st rank with earnings of $ 33.5 million .
Guam  (  [ ˈɡwɑːm ]  or  [ ˈɡwɒm ]  Chamorro : Guåhån  [ ˈɡʷɑhɑn ]  formally the Territory of Guam )  is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
She is known for her role as Stacey Sutton in the James Bond film A View to a Kill  ( 1985 )  , and as Midge Pinciotti on That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  .
Efforts to prevent dementia include trying to decrease risk factors such as high blood pressure , smoking , diabetes , and obesity .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones  (  [ nɑːˈsɪər ]  born September 14 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Nas  [ ˈnɑːz ]  , is an American rapper , record producer , actor , and entrepreneur .
Chakraborty is best remembered for his role as Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer which was a superhit in India and also in many other countries in the world , especially Russia .
The romantic fantasy adventure film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
On June 29 , 2009 , Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .
Thomas Jacob `` Jack '' Black  ( born August 28 , 1969 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , producer , musician and singer .
The book would later receive a two season 2015 TV adaptation also under the name , The Man in the High Castle .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
No fungi , plants , or animals  ( including humans )  are capable of producing vitamin B12 .
Above the Law  ( also known as Nico )  is a 1988 American action film written , produced and directed by Andrew Davis , and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal in his film debut .
The show was filmed primarily in Ireland , Northern Ireland , Croatia , Iceland and Morocco .
The city lies approximately 8 km north northeast of the present-day village of Stagira , close to the town of Olympiada .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
Thomas Ruggles Pynchon , Jr.  (  [ ˈpɪnˌtʃɒn ]  , commonly  [ ˈpɪntʃən ]  born May 8 , 1937 )  is an American novelist .
She is the daughter of the president and his first wife , former model Ivana Trump .
Afghanistan  (  [ æfˈɡænᵻstæn ]  Pashto/Dari : , Afġānistān )  , officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , is a landlocked country located within South Asia and Central Asia .
Following local government reform in 1974 , city status was bestowed upon the wider metropolitan borough .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
The honorific Netaji  ( Hindustani : `` Respected Leader '' )  , first applied in early 1942 to Bose in Germany by the Indian soldiers of the Indische Legion and by the German and Indian officials in the Special Bureau for India in Berlin , was later used throughout India .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
Aluminium or aluminum  ( see below )  is a chemical element in the boron group with symbol Al and atomic number 13 .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Her solo success continued thoughout the 1980s and 90s with multi-platinum albums including Break Every Rule and Foreign Affair , and with singles such as `` We Do n't Need Another Hero  ( Thunderdome )  '' , `` The Best '' , and `` GoldenEye '' for the 1995 James Bond film of the same name .
Bane is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
The empire , which grew out of the former kingdoms of Funan and Chenla , at times ruled over and/or vassalised most of mainland Southeast Asia .
Conan Christopher O'Brien  ( born April 18 , 1963 )  is an American television host , comedian , and television producer .
In March 2011 , R. Kelly was named the most successful R&B artist of the last 25 years by Billboard .
Colombian territory also encompasses Amazon rainforest , tropical grassland and both Caribbean and Pacific coastlines .
Gillian Leigh Anderson , OBE  ( born August 9 , 1968 )  , is an American-British film , television and theatre actress , activist and writer .
Each team tries to score points by grounding a ball on the other team 's court under organized rules .
Anime created by Sunrise that have won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize are Mobile Suit Gundam in 1979 and the first half of 1980 , Space Runaway Ideon in the second half of 1980 , Crusher Joe  ( co-production with Studio Nue )  in 1983 , Dirty Pair in 1985 , Future GPX Cyber Formula in 1991 , Gundam SEED in 2002 , Gundam SEED Destiny in 2004 and 2005 , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion in 2006 and 2007 and Code Geass R2 in 2008 , thus making Sunrise as the studio that won the most number of Animage Awards .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria  (  [ ˈpaβ̞lo eˈmiljo eskoˈβ̞aɾ ɣ̞aˈβ̞iɾja ]  ; 1 December 19492 December 1993 )  was a Colombian drug lord and narco-terrorist .
Chastain made her Broadway debut in a revival of The Heiress in the same year .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
A film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's tragedy of the same name , it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Russell Ira Crowe  ( born 7 April 1964 )  is an actor , film producer and musician .
Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film Star Trek  ( 2009 )  , the thriller adventure A Perfect Getaway  ( 2009 )  , the horror comedy The Cabin in the Woods  ( 2012 )  , the dark-fantasy action film Snow White and the Huntsman  ( 2012 )  , the war film Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , and the biographical sports drama film Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Marvin Young  ( born May 10 , 1967 )  , better known by his stage name Young M.C. , is an English-born American singer , rapper and actor .
Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
The series takes place in Reading , Berkshire , in 1997 , where thirteen-year-old Simon Doonan and his best friend Kylie dream of escaping their dreary suburban surroundings and moving to cosmopolitan London `` to live amongst the beautiful people '' .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
He holds both American and Canadian citizenships .
Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's novel Devdas .
Apple Store is a chain of retail stores owned and operated by Apple Inc. .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
Human habitation in Afghanistan dates back to the Middle Paleolithic Era , and the country 's strategic location along the Silk Road connected it to the cultures of the Middle East and other parts of Asia .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Lumen is introduced in the third episode  ( `` Practically Perfect '' )  as a survivor of rapist-serial killer Boyd Fowler .
The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group .
Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American comedy-drama road film and the directorial debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Sir Ridley Scott  ( born 30 November 1937 )  is an English film director and producer .
The story is set in Clayton County and Atlanta , both in Georgia , during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division .
He won the WBC heavyweight title in 1986 by defeating Pinklon Thomas , but lost it in his first defence to Mike Tyson , who was then undefeated at 20 years old .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Nicole Scherzinger  (  [ niˈkoʊl ˈʃɜːzɪŋər ]  born Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Valiente ; June 29 , 1978 )  is an American recording artist , actress and television personality born in Honolulu , Hawaii and raised in Louisville , Kentucky .
The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
Anthony Charles Lynton Blair  ( born 6 May 1953 )  is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
Davidson used literary , historical and archaeological evidence to discuss the stories and customs of Northern Europe .
Indonesia  (  [ ɪndəˈniːʒə ]  or  [ ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə ]  ; Indonesian :  [ ɪndonesia ]  )  , officially the Republic of Indonesia  (  [ rɛpublik ɪndonesia ]  )  , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania .
In 2008 , The Times placed Dahl 16th on its list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' .
The area 's many colleges and universities make Boston an international center of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering , and business , and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship , with nearly 2,000 startups .
Her younger sister Lana Wood is also an actress .
He is best known as the creator and showrunner of the Netflix Original series BoJack Horseman .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
Empathy is the capacity to understand or feel what another person is experiencing from within the other person 's frame of reference , i.e. , the capacity to place oneself in another 's position .
Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn  ( born November 20 , 1983 )  , known professionally as Future , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Liverpool Football Club  (  [ ˈlɪvərpuːl ]  )  is a professional association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
It is based on the novel Schindler 's Ark by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally .
Coronary artery disease  ( CAD )  , also known as ischemic heart disease  ( IHD )  , is a group of diseases that includes : stable angina , unstable angina , myocardial infarction , and sudden cardiac death .
George Walker Bush  ( born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Palace were also winners of the Full Members Cup in 1991 when they beat Everton in the Wembley final .
It is the only Manhattan neighborhood on the mainland of North America .
It was released on 23 October 2015 as the second single from his ninth studio album , Ripcord , through Hit Red and Capitol Nashville .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The films are the longest continually running film series of all time and have grossed over $ 7.040 billion in total , making it the fourth-highest-grossing film series to date , which started in 1962 with Dr. No , starring Sean Connery as Bond .
Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Raised in Philadelphia , he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper , and later formed a short-lived rap group , The Bloodhoundz .
The episodes are in various genres , including psychological horror , fantasy , science fiction , suspense , and psychological thriller ; and often conclude with a macabre or unexpected twist , and usually with a moral .
Prior to the Presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and the state 's 42nd Governor from 1983 to 1992 .
It was released in November 1970 on his triple album All Things Must Pass .
Keeping the Faith is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Stuart Blumberg , and starring Ben Stiller , Edward Norton  ( in his directorial debut )  , Jenna Elfman , Eli Wallach , and Anne Bancroft .
Mark Cuban  ( born July 31 , 1958 )  is an American businessman , investor , author , television personality , and philanthropist .
It is a coming-of-age sports drama , inspired by the life of Olympic gold-medalist Jang Mi-ran .
Christoph Waltz  (  [ ˈkrɪstɔf ˈvalts ]  ; born 4 October 1956 )  is an Austrian-German actor .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  ( born June 17 , 1980 )  is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
The province is bordered by the provinces of Ontario to the east and Saskatchewan to the west , the territories of Nunavut to the north , and Northwest Territories to the northwest , and the US states of North Dakota and Minnesota to the south .
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
He governed the Soviet Union from the mid-1920s until his death in 1953 .
Pregnancy , also known as gestation , is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman .
Kevin Wayne Durant  ( born September 29 , 1988 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Wladimir Wladimirowitsch Klitschko  ( Володи́мир Володи́мирович Кличко́ , ; born 25 March 1976 )  is a Ukrainian professional boxer .
Trolls : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2016 DreamWorks Animation film Trolls , released on September 23 , 2016 by RCA Records .
Stephanie Young Hwang  ( born August 1 , 1989 )  , known professionally as Tiffany or Tiffany Hwang , is an American singer based in South Korea .
Mammals are any vertebrates within the class Mammalia  (  [ məˈmeɪli.ə ]  from Latin mamma #Latin `` breast '' )  , a clade of endothermic amniotes distinguished from reptiles  ( including birds )  by the possession of a neocortex  ( a region of the brain )  , hair , three middle ear bones and mammary glands .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
Christopher Edward Nolan  (  [ ˈnoʊlən ]  born 30 July 1970 )  is an English-American film director , screenwriter and producer .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
In his 1979 autobiography Jack Kramer , the long-time tennis promoter and great player himself , included Sedgman in his list of the 21 greatest players of all time .
The cast includes Paul Bettany , Lucas Black , Tyrese Gibson , Adrianne Palicki , Kate Walsh , and Dennis Quaid .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Stephon Xavier Marbury  ( born February 20 , 1977 )  is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association  ( CBA )  .
It is closely related to the Frisian languages , but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages , as well as by Latin and Romance languages , particularly French .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
The device was part of the iPhone series and was unveiled on September 10 , 2013 , and released on September 20 , 2013 , along with its higher-end counterpart , the iPhone 5S .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
Michael Clarke Duncan  ( December 10 , 1957September 3 , 2012 )  was an American actor , best known for his breakout role as John Coffey in The Green Mile  ( 1999 )  , for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and various similar honors .
It is one of eight B vitamins .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
`` Believe '' is a song recorded by American singer-actress Cher .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
The primary precursor network , the ARPANET , initially served as a backbone for interconnection of regional academic and military networks in the 1980s .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
Juliette Binoche  (  [ ʒyljɛt binɔʃ ]  ; born 9 March 1964 )  is a French actress , artist and dancer .
21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , written by Michael Bacall starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum .
Elizabeth Stamatina `` Tina '' Fey  (  [ feɪ ]  born May 18 , 1970 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer , and producer .
It stars Jennifer Lawrence , Chris Pratt , Michael Sheen , and Laurence Fishburne .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
With some males exceeding 250 kg in weight , it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger , barring hybrids like the liger .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
The Georgia Institute of Technology  ( commonly referred to as Georgia Tech , Tech , or GT )  is a public research university in Atlanta , Georgia , in the United States .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
Slovakia is a high-income advanced economy with a very high Human Development Index , a very high standard of living and performs favourably in measurements of civil liberties , press freedom , internet freedom , democratic governance and peacefulness .
President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2 , 1970 , after Nixon signed an executive order .
Since the show 's inception in 1963 , the character has been portrayed by twelve lead actors .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
Trevor Berbick  ( August 1 , 1954 -- October 28 , 2006 )  was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer who competed from 1976 to 2000 .
Born Naked is the seventh studio album from American singer-songwriter , actor and drag queen RuPaul .
Indian women 's cricket team .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
In 2007 , LaBeouf starred in the commercially successful films Disturbia and Surf 's Up .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Guinevere  (  [ ˈɡwɪnᵻvɪər ]  Gwenhwyfar Gwenivar )  , often written as Guenevere or Gwenevere , is , in Arthurian legend , the wife of King Arthur .
She was renowned for her contralto vocals and attained international stardom that continued throughout a career spanning more than 40 years as an actress in musical and dramatic roles , as a recording artist , and on concert stages .
Friendship is a relationship of mutual affection between people .
He and his wife Pat moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Fenjves has ghostwritten more than a dozen books , including two number one New York Times Best-Sellers  ( Witness and Blood Brother )  .
The plot concerns a process server and his marijuana dealer friend forced to flee from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after witnessing them commit a murder .
After signing a recording contract with A&M Records in 1982 , she became a pop icon following the release of her third studio album Control  ( 1986 )  .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .
Robert Renfroe Riley  ( born October 3 , 1944 )  is an American politician who was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 to 2011 .
He is best known for playing Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars film series .
Marvel 's Inhumans , or simply Inhumans , is an upcoming American television series developed for ABC , based on the Marvel Comics race of the same name .
He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers , especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
Russia 's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world ; other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod and Kazan .
Andrew G. Kaufman  ( January 17 , 1949 -- May 16 , 1984 )  was an American entertainer , actor , writer , performance artist and professional wrestler .
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
He lived in Aspen , Colorado for much of his life and was known for his love of Colorado which he sang about numerous times .
Robert Frederick Chelsea `` Bobby '' Moore OBE  ( 12 April 1941 -- 24 February 1993 )  was an English professional footballer .
Directed by David Yates , and written by Adam Cozad and Craig Brewer , the film stars Alexander Skarsgård as the title character , with Samuel L. Jackson , Margot Robbie , Djimon Hounsou , Jim Broadbent and Christoph Waltz in supporting roles .
The tournament was held at the Singapore Indoor Stadium , and contested by eight singles players and eight doubles teams .
The series ' merchandise also includes DVD and Blu-ray releases , an iPad application , and karaoke games for the Wii .
Other notable films he appeared in include Spellbound  ( 1945 )  , Roman Holiday  ( 1953 )  , Moby Dick  ( 1956 , and its 1998 miniseries )  , The Guns of Navarone  ( 1961 )  , Cape Fear  ( 1962 , and its 1991 remake )  , How the West Was Won  ( 1962 )  , The Omen  ( 1976 )  and The Boys from Brazil  ( 1978 )  .
The Doctor is the title character and protagonist in the long-running BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
She studied acting at Howard University and began her Hollywood career in guest-roles on several television shows before making her breakthrough in Baby Boy  ( 2001 )  .
Christopher Robert Evans  ( born June 13 , 1981 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Lee Min-ho  ( , born June 22 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor and singer .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
He announced his retirement in May 2013 after a 20-year career , during which he won 19 major trophies .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
American Pie is a 1999 teen sex comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz , in their directorial film debut .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
She was Playmate of the Month for Playboy magazine in February 1990 .
The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Howard Deutch , and written and produced by John Hughes .
Financial crimes may involve additional criminal acts , such as computer crime , elder abuse , burglary , armed robbery , and even violent crime such as robbery or murder .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
Denis Colin Leary  ( born August 18 , 1957 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , singer and comedian .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin ,  ( 16 April 1889 -- 25 December 1977 )  was an English comic actor , filmmaker , and composer who rose to fame during the era of silent film .
The New York Times  ( sometimes abbreviated NYT and The Times )  is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by The New York Times Company .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The 6 ft , 205 lb Robertson played point guard and was a 12-time All-Star , 11-time member of the All-NBA Team , and one-time winner of the MVP award in 14 professional seasons .
The series is inspired by several actual Democratic legislators who share a row house in D.C. : Senator Dick Durbin  ( D-IL )  , Senator Chuck Schumer  ( D-NY )  , and Representative George Miller  ( D-CA )  .
, Dubai was the 22nd most expensive city in the world and the most expensive city in the Middle East .
A programmer , computer programmer , developer , dev , coder , or software engineer is a person who creates computer software .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens , a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
Steve Mouzakis is an Australian film , television and theatre actor .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
The Playboy Club is an American historical crime drama television series that aired on NBC from September 19 to October 3 , 2011 .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war drama film set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
It was released on January 23 , 2001 , by Epic Records .
Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones  ( 2011 -- present )  , which brought her international recognition and critical praise .
The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , and the best-known and most commercially successful adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum .
Assange continued to deny the allegations , and expressed concern that he would be extradited from Sweden to the United States because of his perceived role in publishing secret American documents .
Among Olivier 's films are Wuthering Heights  ( 1939 )  , Rebecca  ( 1940 )  , and a trilogy of Shakespeare films as actor-director : Henry V  ( 1944 )  , Hamlet  ( 1948 )  , and Richard III  ( 1955 )  .
Before his career as a politician , Lukashenko worked as director of a state-owned agricultural farm and spent time with the Soviet Border Troops and the Soviet Army .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Winnie Harlow  ( born Chantelle Brown-Young ; July 27 , 1994 )  is a Canadian fashion model , spokesperson , and activist .
From 2010 to 2013 , she was a main cast member of the Showtime series The Big C.
Before the album , Jay-Z had released collaborations with The Roots and R. Kelly , and Linkin Park had collaborated with various artists on their remix album Reanimation .
The founder of Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions , she is best known as the creator of the television series Gilmore Girls , Bunheads , and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
The Playboy Club stars Eddie Cibrian , Laura Benanti , Amber Heard , Jenna Dewan Tatum , Naturi Naughton , Leah Renee , Wes Ramsey , Jenifer Lewis , and David Krumholtz .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency  ( EPA or sometimes USEPA )  is an agency of the Federal government of the United States which was created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulations based on laws passed by Congress .
This Saturday-morning cartoon series featured four teenagers -- Fred Jones , Daphne Blake , Velma Dinkley , and Norville `` Shaggy '' Rogers -- and their talking brown Great Dane named Scooby-Doo , who solve mysteries involving supposedly supernatural creatures through a series of antics and missteps .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
Her other ventures include an endorsement deal with Rimmel London and a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young children .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani  ( Unique Prem 's  ( Love 's )  Amazing Story )  is a 2009 Indian romantic comedy film .
The band 's Where We Are Tour in support of Midnight Memories and Four , was the highest-grossing concert tour in 2014 , and the highest-grossing tour ever by a vocal group , generating $ 282 million .
Natasha Jane Richardson  ( 11 May 1963 -- 18 March 2009 )  was an English stage and screen actress .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
) 
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
It was immediately successful , winning the Pulitzer Prize , and has become a classic of modern American literature .
The honorific Netaji  ( Hindustani : `` Respected Leader '' )  , first applied in early 1942 to Bose in Germany by the Indian soldiers of the Indische Legion and by the German and Indian officials in the Special Bureau for India in Berlin , was later used throughout India .
X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics .
With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
On November 14 , 2013 , Bulger was sentenced to two consecutive life terms plus five years for his crimes by U.S. District Judge Denise Casper .
It was adapted for the British television network ITV in 1996 , directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and dramatised by Andrew Davies , the same year as Miramax 's film adaptation of Emma starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
After some minor television roles , she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing  ( 1993 )  while still a student at the University of Oxford .
Split is a 2016 American psychological horror-thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
Written by bass guitarist John Deacon , the song featured on the group 's eighth studio album The Game  ( 1980 )  .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Audrey Horne is a fictional character from the ABC television series Twin Peaks , played by Sherilyn Fenn .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
Bernard Sanders  ( born September 8 , 1941 )  is an American politician who has been the junior United States Senator from Vermont since 2007 .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
The gray wolf or grey wolf  ( Canis lupus )  , also known as the timber wolf or western wolf , is a canine native to the wilderness and remote areas of Eurasia and North America .
John Stewart , known as Green Lantern , is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics and was the first African-American superhero to appear in DC Comics .
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island , founded in 1636 , and one of the oldest cities in the United States .
Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years .
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture .
Vienna  (  [ viˈɛnə ]  Wien ,  [ viːn ]  )  is the capital and largest city of Austria and one of the nine states of Austria .
The Washington Naval Conference , also called the Washington Arms Conference or the Washington Disarmament Conference , was a military conference called by U.S. President Warren G. Harding and held in Washington , D.C. , from 12 November 1921 to 6 February 1922 .
Raphael Matthew Bob-Waksberg  ( born August 17 , 1986 )  is an American comedian , writer , producer , and actor .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a 2016 American dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jane Goldman , based on the 2011 novel of the same name by Ransom Riggs .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Jack Reacher  ( formerly called One Shot , or alternatively known as Jack Reacher : One Shot )  is a 2012 American action thriller film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie , based on Lee Child 's 2005 novel One Shot .
Thanos appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's various films , including The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , portrayed by Damion Poitier , and Guardians of the Galaxy  ( 2014 )  , Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , Avengers : Infinity War  ( 2018 )  and its untitled sequel  ( 2019 )  , portrayed by Josh Brolin .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
Earlier in his career , Pertwee had worked as a vaudeville comedian , performed at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and shared a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
The Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis  ( métropole d'Aix-Marseille-Provence )  is a French intercommunality formed on , encompassing the urban agglomerations of Marseille , Aix-en-Provence , Aubagne , Martigues and other smaller towns in the suburbs of Marseille , in the Bouches-du-Rhône departement .
Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' '  ( born May 31 , 1930 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure .
The band was formed in 1981 in Los Angeles when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper .
Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal , the band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland , bassist Greg K. , lead guitarist Kevin `` Noodles '' Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada .
Patton Peter Oswalt  ( born January 27 , 1969 )  is an American stand-up comedian , writer , actor , and voice artist , known for roles such as Spencer Olchin in the sitcom The King of Queens  ( 1998 -- 2007 )  , voicing Remy in the film Ratatouille  ( 2007 )  , and playing multiple identical brothers , the Koenigs , on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  ( 2014 -- 17 )  .
At up to 29.9 m in length and with a maximum recorded weight of 173 tonne and probably reaching over 181 tonnes  ( 200 short tons )  , it is the largest animal known to have ever existed .
By the end of 1990 , the Soviet Union had the world 's second largest economy , largest standing military in the world and the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction .
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
They hunt small crabs , hermit crabs , shrimp , and other small crustaceans .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier premiered in Los Angeles on March 13 , 2014 .
Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
Among four dialects and/or many dialects , Phedape dialect is widely spoken and well understood by most Yakthungpan speakers .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
It stars Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Plutonium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol Pu and atomic number 94 .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
Seville  (  [ səˈvɪl ]  Sevilla  [ seˈβiʎa ]  ,  [ seˈβi ʝa ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville , Spain .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Liana Daine Liberato  ( born August 20 , 1995 )  is an American television and film actress .
He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood 's golden age .
In 2016 , she portrayed First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy in the biographical drama Jackie .
His first EP One of a Kind  ( 2012 )  was critically acclaimed and yielded `` One of a Kind '' , `` Crayon '' , and the number-one `` That XX '' , earning Record of the Year at the 22nd Seoul Music Awards .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
One World Trade Center  ( also known as 1 World Trade Center , 1 WTC or Freedom Tower )  is the main building of the rebuilt World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
During his tenure  ( primarily to promote his upcoming film Ready to Rumble )  , Arquette became a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion , an angle that has been cited as pivotal to the demise of WCW .
Russell Ira Crowe  ( born 7 April 1964 )  is an actor , film producer and musician .
Anderson Hays Cooper  ( born June 3 , 1967 )  is an American journalist , television personality , and author .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
John Weldon `` J. J. '' Cale  ( December 5 , 1938 -- July 26 , 2013 )  was an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
Sir Andrew Maxwell `` Andy '' Dwyer KBE  [ ˈdwaɪ.ər ]  is a fictional character in the NBC comedy Parks and Recreation portrayed by Chris Pratt .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Serena Jameka Williams  ( born September 26 , 1981 )  is an American professional tennis player .
It was released on 17 September 2013 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , on 18 November 2014 for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , and on 14 April 2015 for Microsoft Windows .
Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup .
Michael Edward `` Mike '' Love  ( born March 15 , 1941 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beach Boys .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
It is a social science that uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about social order , disorder , and change .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
It was formed by the Canary hotspot .
The album became the best-selling album in the US and the second best-seller worldwide in 2005 and produced `` We Belong Together , '' which became her most successful single of the 2000s , and was later named `` Song of the Decade '' by Billboard .
Karl Anthony Malone  ( born July 24 , 1963 )  is an American retired professional basketball player .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
He has starred both in blockbuster films and smaller projects from independent producers and art houses .
Appian Way Productions is a film production company in West Hollywood , California , established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
In 2008 , he was convicted and sentenced to 33 years imprisonment , with a minimum of nine years without parole .
It is the ninth track on Jackson 's seventh studio album , Bad .
The airport also serves as a European hub for Delta Air Lines and Jet Airways and as a base for EasyJet and Vueling .
Performance is a 1970 British crime drama film directed by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg , written by Cammell and photographed by Roeg .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
He married Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon in 1923 and they had two daughters , Elizabeth and Margaret .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
Her debut studio album Killer Love  ( 2011 )  was released to moderate success and was preceded by the number-one single `` Do n't Hold Your Breath '' .
My Everything is the second studio album by American singer Ariana Grande , released on August 25 , 2014 by Republic Records .
It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer , and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck , Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Jesse Eisenberg , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Jeremy Irons , Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
`` Dirty Diana '' is a song by American artist Michael Jackson .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
David Koepp  ( born June 9 , 1963 )  is an American screenwriter and director .
After the first film 's success , Walt Disney Pictures revealed that a trilogy was in the works .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Sierra Leone became an independent Nation on 27 April 1961 from Britain , led by Sir Milton Margai , who was elected by landslide as the first prime minister of the new nation under parliamentary government .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
The direct sequel to 1983 's Return of the Jedi , The Force Awakens is the first installment of the Star Wars sequel trilogy , and stars Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Lupita Nyong ` o , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Anthony Daniels , Peter Mayhew , and Max von Sydow .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
According to the ancient manuscript Landnámabók , the settlement of Iceland began in the year 874 AD when the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson became the first permanent settler on the island .
30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom created by Tina Fey that ran on NBC from October 11 , 2006 , to January 31 , 2013 .
Constance Elaine Britton  ( née Womack ; born March 6 , 1967 )  is an American actress , singer and producer .
In 1995 , Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman after a lengthy and internationally publicised trial .
K2  (  [ )  , also known as Mount Godwin-Austen or Chhogori  ( Balti and  [ )  , is the second highest mountain in the world , after Mount Everest , at 8611 m above sea level .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
With its realistic look at urban gay life in the Ronald Reagan era and at the height of the AIDS crisis , many film critics consider it an important movie in the history of gay cinema .
She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panthéon in Paris .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
The English word dragon and Latin word draco derives from Greek δράκων  ( drákōn )  , `` dragon , serpent of huge size , water-snake '' .
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
With his brothers , Robin and Maurice Gibb , he formed a songwriting partnership beginning in 1966 .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
The founders had initially limited the website 's membership to Harvard students ; however , later they expanded it to higher education institutions in the Boston area , the Ivy League schools , and Stanford University .
The company is headquartered near Beaverton , Oregon , in the Portland metropolitan area .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
He first gained recognition as Will Tippin in the spy-action television show Alias  ( 2001 -- 2006 )  , and achieved minor success with a supporting part in the comedy film Wedding Crashers  ( 2005 )  .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
She gained prominence as a contestant on the twenty-first cycle of the U.S. television series America 's Next Top Model , and is known for having a prominent form of the skin condition vitiligo .
Milica Bogdanovna `` Milla '' JovovichSerbian Cyrillic : Милица Јововић ; Милица Йовович Милиця Йовович  (  [ ˈjoʊvəvɪtʃ ]  ; born December 17 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model , musician , and fashion designer .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
It was created by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan , based on their novel trilogy of the same name .
In response to the invasion , Carter ended détente , escalated the Cold War , and led the international boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
Divergent is a 2014 American science fiction action film directed by Neil Burger , based on the novel of the same name by Veronica Roth .
Sierra Leone  (  [ sɪˈɛərə lɪˈəʊni ,   - lɪˈəʊn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Sierra Leone , is a country in West Africa .
For Gravity 's Rainbow , Pynchon won the 1974 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
The original early 19th-century interior designs , many of which survive , include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis , on the advice of Sir Charles Long .
Anthony Howard Goldwyn  ( born May 20 , 1960 )  is an American actor , producer , director and political activist .
The Ku Klux Klan  ( KKK )  , or simply the Klan , is the name of three distinct movements in the United States that have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy , white nationalism , anti-immigration , and , especially in later iterations , Nordicism , anti-Catholicism , and antisemitism .
Outside of music , he has had roles in the Saw films , The Sixth Sense , Dreamcatcher , and Righteous Kill , also appearing in the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers as First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Between 2014 and 2015 , she released two solo singles and returned to acting in the network series Sons of Anarchy and Empire .
The awards , first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , are overseen by AMPAS .
Denial is a 2016 British-American historical drama film directed by Mick Jackson and written by David Hare , based on Deborah Lipstadt 's book History on Trial : My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier .
The company was established in May 1991 as Bungie Software Products Corporation by University of Chicago undergraduate student Alex Seropian , who later brought in programmer Jason Jones after publishing Jones ' game Minotaur : The Labyrinths of Crete .
After beginning his career with Manchester United in 2011 , Pogba joined Italian side Juventus in 2012 , and helped the club to four consecutive Serie A titles , as well as two Coppa Italia and two Supercoppa Italiana titles .
It is a coming-of-age sports drama , inspired by the life of Olympic gold-medalist Jang Mi-ran .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Liberia  [ laɪˈbɪəriə ]  , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the West African coast .
He had roles in the minor films From the Rough  ( 2011 )  and The Apparition  ( 2012 )  , starred as James Ashford in the critically acclaimed period drama film Belle  ( 2013 )  , followed by roles in In Secret  ( 2014 )  and Against the Sun  ( 2014 )  .
Oswalt has won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special and a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album for his Netflix stand-up special Patton Oswalt : Talking for Clapping  ( 2016 )  .
It is the only Manhattan neighborhood on the mainland of North America .
As the world 's fifth-largest country by both area and population , it is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas .
In 2013 , TV Guide ranked Family Guy the ninth Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time .
The 2013 NBA draft was held on June 27 , 2013 , at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York .
Briana Banks  ( born May 21 , 1978 )  is the stage name of a German American pornographic actress and model .
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
The screenplay , penned by Lord and Miller , is based on a story by them and Dan and Kevin Hageman ; while the film features a few live-action scenes , it is primarily an animated film .
`` Rich Girl '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album , Love .
Mary Elle Fanning  ( born April 9 , 1998 )  is an American actress .
It was the first Kuiper belt object to be discovered .
Room 93 is the debut extended play  ( EP )  by American singer and songwriter Halsey .
Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani  ( born 19 April 1957 )  is an Indian business magnate who is the chairman , managing director and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Limited  ( RIL )  , a Fortune Global 500 company and India 's second-most valuable company by market value .
It offers bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , and doctorates , and medical , dental , business , and law degrees through 17 schools and colleges on two urban campuses .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
Samuel Leroy Jackson  ( born December 21 , 1948 )  is an American actor and film producer .
The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
Since 2000 , each episode has typically been written and produced in the week preceding its broadcast , with Parker serving as the primary writer and director .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer .
In May 2014 , the band was nominated for a total of fourteen different Billboard Music Awards , including Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award , which recognizes innovation and creativity of artists across different genres .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
Julianne Alexandra Hough  (  [ hʌf ]  born July 20 , 1988 )  is an American dancer , singer , and actress .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
As a child he developed a love of literature , kitchen sink realism and popular music .
`` Believe '' is a song recorded by American singer-actress Cher .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Jennifer Anne Garner  ( born April 17 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
The books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Gourang Chakraborty  ( born 16 June 1950 )  , better known by his stage name Mithun Chakraborty ; informally referred to as Mithun Da , is an Indian film actor , singer , producer , writer , social worker , entrepreneur and a Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
Jacobs has also had a recurring role as Mimi-Rose Howard on the HBO series Girls and has appeared in films such as Gardens of the Night  ( 2008 )  , The Lookalike  ( 2014 )  , Life Partners  ( 2014 )  , Hot Tub Time Machine 2  ( 2015 )  , Do n't Think Twice  ( 2016 )  and Brother Nature  ( 2016 )  .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Ad buyers use jingles in radio and television commercials ; they can also be used in non-advertising contexts to establish or maintain a brand image .
Hitchcock directed more than fifty feature films in a career spanning six decades and is often regarded as one of the most influential directors in cinematic history .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
The Rev was widely regarded and critically acclaimed for his work on Avenged Sevenfold albums , and contributed entire songs composed by himself , such as `` Chapter Four '' , `` Afterlife '' , `` A Little Piece of Heaven '' , and `` Almost Easy '' .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
He later went on to star in many other successful films where he appeared either in leading or supporting roles such as A Dry White Season  ( 1989 )  , JFK  ( 1991 )  , A Time to Kill  ( 1996 )  , Without Limits  ( 1998 )  , The Italian Job  ( 2003 )  , Cold Mountain  ( 2003 )  , Pride & Prejudice  ( 2005 )  , Aurora Borealis  ( 2006 )  and The Hunger Games franchise  ( 2012 -- 2015 )  .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Basic Instinct is a 1992 neo-noir erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas , and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone .
She was born in Skopje  ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia )  , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
In 2014 , he starred in the title role in Hedwig and the Angry Inch on Broadway , for which he won the 2014 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical .
It is situated across a group of 118 small islands that are separated by canals and linked by bridges .
How I Met Your Mother  ( often abbreviated to HIMYM )  is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19 , 2005 to March 31 , 2014 .
He attended the Actors Studio , made his first television appearance in 1954 , and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause  ( 1955 )  and Giant  ( 1956 )  .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
Dylan O'Brien  ( born August 26 , 1991 )  is an American actor .
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Brazil  ( listen )  , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America .
It involved the vast majority of the world 's countries -- including all of the great powers -- eventually forming two opposing military alliances : the Allies and the Axis .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
Ricin  (  [ ˈraɪsɪn ]  )  is a highly toxic , naturally occurring lectin  ( a carbohydrate-binding protein )  produced in the seeds of the castor oil plant , Ricinus communis .
Before making his debut as a composer with Attack the Block , he worked on the music department for various notable films , such as The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers , The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , Batman Begins , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
The castle , which is open to the public , is the largest privately owned castle in Wales .
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British musical adventure fantasy film directed by Ken Hughes and written by Roald Dahl and Hughes , loosely based on Ian Fleming 's 1964 novel Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang : The Magical Car .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller The Hunger Games , it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Bradford became a municipal borough in 1847 , and received its charter as a city in 1897 .
The film was produced by Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions .
He is the founder and only continuous member of the rock band Queens of the Stone Age , in which he sings and plays guitar , as well as occasionally playing piano , drums , and bass .
Created by Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss , it stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Doctor John Watson .
Isabella of France  ( 1295 -- 22 August 1358 )  , sometimes described as the She-Wolf of France , was Queen of England as the wife of Edward II , and regent of England from 1326 until 1330 .
With the exception of the 2007 songs `` All My Life '' and `` Christmas in Fallujah '' , Joel stopped writing and releasing pop/rock material after 1993 's River of Dreams .
The name `` Nepal '' is first recorded in texts from the Vedic Age , the era which founded Hinduism , the predominant religion of the country .
Sons of Anarchy is an American crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter , which aired from 2008 to 2014 .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
Since its original release , Mr. Nobody has become a cult film , noted for its philosophy and cinematography , personal characters and Pierre Van Dormael 's soundtrack .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
Both Germans and Belgians ruled Burundi and Rwanda as a European colony known as Ruanda-Urundi .
The film co-stars Forest Whitaker , Kimberly Elise , Nate Parker , Gina Ravera , Jermaine Williams and Jurnee Smollett .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin  (  [ ˈstɑːlɪn ]  18 December 1878 -- 5 March 1953 )  was a Soviet revolutionary , politician and political theorist .
Archimedes of Syracuse  (  [ ˌɑːkɪˈmiːdiːz ]  Ἀρχιμήδης )  was a Greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , inventor , and astronomer .
Top Gun is a 1986 American romantic military action drama film directed by Tony Scott , and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , in association with Paramount Pictures .
Devdas won the Filmfare Award for Best Film .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
South Korea , officially the Republic of Korea  ( ROK ; )  , is a sovereign state in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula .
Initially Deadpool was depicted as a supervillain when he made his first appearance in The New Mutants and later in issues of X-Force , but later evolved into his more recognizable antiheroic persona .
The club was founded in 1905 at the famous Crystal Palace Exhibition building by the owners of the FA Cup Final stadium which was situated inside its historic grounds .
Martin Charles Scorsese  (  [ skɔːrˈsɛsi ]   [ skorˈseːze ]  ; born November 17 , 1942 )  is an American director , producer , screenwriter , and film historian , whose career spans more than 50 years .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
The group rose to fame with their debut international album , Backstreet Boys  ( 1996 )  .
Sally Margaret Field  ( born November 6 , 1946 )  is an American actress and director .
Richmond  (  [ ˈrɪtʃmənd ]  )  is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States .
She released her second studio album , 21 , in early 2011 .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
Ann Lois Romney  ( née Davies ; born April 16 , 1949 )  is the wife of American businessman and politician , Mitt Romney .
Matthew Ryan Phillippe  (  [ ˈfɪlᵻpi ]  born September 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed .
Guardians of the Galaxy  ( retroactively referred to as Guardians of the Galaxy Vol .
Audi  (  [ ˈʔaʊ̯dɪ ʔaːˈgeː ]  )  is a German automobile manufacturer that designs , engineers , produces , markets and distributes luxury vehicles .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
Greyson Michael Chance  ( born August 16 , 1997 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and pianist .
th : Jack Reacher ยอดคนสืบระห่ำ
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
The film co-stars Pam Grier , Sharon Stone , Daniel Faraldo and Henry Silva .
Jon Watts  ( born June 28 , 1981 )  is an American film director , producer and screenwriter .
She has four children with Kardashian  ( Kourtney , Kim , Khloé and Robert )  and two with Jenner  ( Kendall and Kylie )  .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
The band was formed in 1981 in Los Angeles when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper .
David Arquette  ( born September 8 , 1971 )  is an American actor , film director , producer , screenwriter , fashion designer and former professional wrestler .
School 2013 is a 2012 South Korean television series starring Jang Nara , Choi Daniel , Lee Jong-suk and Kim Woo Bin .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  was founded in 1999 in Kingston , Jamaica .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
Christina María Aguilera  ( born December 18 , 1980 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality .
The Dogs D'Amour are a rock and roll band formed in 1983 in London , England .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
Born and raised in Scottsdale , Arizona , Stone began acting as a child , in a theater production of The Wind in the Willows in 2000 .
xXx : Return of Xander Cage  ( released as xXx : Reactivated in some countries )  is a 2017 American action film directed by D. J. Caruso and written by F. Scott Frazier .
The performer is commonly known as a comic , stand-up comic , stand-up comedian , or simply a stand-up .
They also credited `` Believe '' as the song which restored the singer 's popularity and cemented her position as a pop culture icon .
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
Studio Pierrot is renowned for several worldwide popular anime series , such as Naruto , Bleach , Yu Yu Hakusho , Tokyo Ghoul , Beelzebub , Great Teacher Onizuka and several others .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
He is one of the highest-grossing directors in history , and among the most successful and acclaimed filmmakers of the 21st century .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .
As the son of a United States Army chaplain , Groves lived at a number of Army posts during his childhood .
With over 100 Premier League clean sheets , Hart holds the record for the most Premier League Golden Glove awards  ( four )  and has amassed 70 international caps since his debut in 2008 .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 317,000 copies in its first week , earning Beyoncé the highest debut sales among Destiny 's Child members ' solo albums .
Arjun Kapoor  (  [ ɐrˈɟun kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 26 June 1985 )  is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood films .
Donald Hugh `` Don '' Henley  ( born July 22 , 1947 )  is an American singer-songwriter , producer , and drummer , best known as a founding member of the Eagles before launching a successful solo career .
Timothy David Olyphant  (  [ ˈɔːlʌfɪnt ]  ; born May 20 , 1968 )  is an American actor and producer .
Fey has received nine Emmy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , five Screen Actors Guild Awards , and four Writers Guild of America Awards .
Born and raised in California , she was discovered by South Korean entertainment agency S.M. Entertainment at the age of fifteen and subsequently moved to South Korea .
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
Slovenia  (  [ sloʊˈviːniə ,   slə - ,   - njə ]  ; Slovenija  [ slɔˈʋéːnija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Slovenia  ( Slovene : , abbr. : RS )  , is a nation state in southern Central Europe , located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
He is accompanied by his band , The Hooligans , who play a variety of instruments such as electric guitar , bass , piano , keyboards , drums and horns , and also serve as backup singers and dancers .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
A major film studio is a production and film distributor that releases a substantial number of films annually and consistently commands a significant share of box office revenue in a given market .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
The Heiress is a 1947 play by American playwrights Ruth and Augustus Goetz adapted from the 1880 Henry James novel Washington Square .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
Robert James Ritchie  ( born January 17 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Kid Rock , is an American singer , rapper , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
The Nile  ( النيل , Egyptian Arabic en-Nīl , Standard Arabic an-Nīl ; ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ , P  ( h )  iaro ; Ancient Egyptian : Ḥ ` pī and Iteru ; Biblical Hebrew : יאור , Ye'or )  is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa .
The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group .
Captain America is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Abū Ṭālib ibn ` Abd al-Muṭṭalib , née ` Imran عِـمـران )  or ` Abd Manaf , was the leader of Banu Hashim , a clan of the Qurayshi tribe of Mecca in the Hijaz , Arabian Peninsula .
She is the daughter of 2008 presidential nominee and long-time U.S. Senator John McCain and Cindy Hensley McCain .
Shatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker  ( 1982 -- 86 )  and hosted the reality-based television series , Rescue 911  ( 1989 -- 96 )  , which won a People 's Choice Award for the Favorite New TV Dramatic Series .
Manchester City Football Club is a football club in Manchester , England .
The character is a founding member of the Justice League , demigoddess , warrior princess , and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
He is the mutant son of Professor Charles Xavier and Gabrielle Haller .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
The number is a mathematical constant , the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter , commonly approximated as 3.14159 .
The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper .
Amerigo Vespucci  (  [ ameˈriːɡo vesˈputtʃi ]  ; March 9 , 1454February 22 , 1512 )  was an Italian explorer , financier , navigator and cartographer who first demonstrated that Brazil and the West Indies did not represent Asia 's eastern outskirts as initially conjectured from Columbus ' voyages , but instead constituted an entirely separate landmass hitherto unknown to Old Worlders .
He played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire .
Anil Kapoor  ( born 24 December 1956 )  is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films , as well as international films and television series .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
The first  ( 1642 -- 46 )  and second  ( 1648 -- 49 )  wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third  ( 1649 -- 51 )  saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
Nikita is an American television series that aired on The CW from September 9 , 2010 to December 27 , 2013 in the United States .
The shock waves are abrupt , high amplitude pulses of mechanical energy , similar to soundwaves , generated by an electromagnetic coil or a spark in water .
He made his directorial debut with My Bodyguard  ( 1980 )  , and has since directed movies like Six Weeks  ( 1982 )  , Five Corners  ( 1987 )  , Crazy People  ( 1990 )  , and Flyboys  ( 2006 )  .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
Born and raised in the Austrian Empire , Tesla received an advanced education in engineering and physics in the 1870s and gained practical experience in the early 1880s working in telephony and at Continental Edison in the new electric power industry .
With her fifth album , the pop-focused 1989  ( 2014 )  , she became the first act to have three albums sell a million copies within one week in the United States .
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
Tezaab  ( translation : Acid )  , released on 11 November 1988 , is an Indian action romantic Hindi movie starring Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Brittany Murphy-Monjack  ( born Brittany Anne Bertolotti ; November 10 , 1977 -- December 20 , 2009 )  , known professionally as Brittany Murphy , was an American film and stage actress , singer , and voice artist .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
Young began performing in a group covering Shadows instrumentals in Canada in 1960 .
He played gigs with numerous bands , earning a spot in Marc Benno 's band , the Nightcrawlers , and later with Denny Freeman in the Cobras , with whom he continued to work through late 1977 .
It is a reboot of the 1981 Canadian slasher film of the same name .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
It recounts the story of a rugby league footballer , Frank Machin , in Wakefield , a mining area of Yorkshire , whose romantic life is not as successful as his sporting life .
Robinson broke the baseball color line when the Brooklyn Dodgers started him at first base on April 15 , 1947 .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of fantasy films from Walden Media , based on The Chronicles of Narnia , a series of novels by C. S. Lewis .
It hosts various events , including an annual air show on and over the beach , and the largest independent flower show in the UK , in Victoria Park .
The lyrics are by DuBose Heyward , the author of the novel Porgy on which the opera was based , although the song is also co-credited to Ira Gershwin by ASCAP .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1984 .
One of the world 's highest-paid actresses in 2015 , Stone has received numerous accolades , including an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Screen Actors Guild Awards .
He has played much of his career as a forward , and he has also been used in various midfield roles .
Elise Neal  ( born March 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
Including her work with No Doubt , Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .
It stars Tom Hanks , reprising his role as Robert Langdon , alongside Felicity Jones , Omar Sy , Sidse Babett Knudsen , Ben Foster and Irrfan Khan .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
She achieved further fame for playing the protagonist in the 2012 musical comedy Pitch Perfect and the 2015 sequel , Pitch Perfect 2 .
The Elizabeth Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane , typically called Arkham Asylum or simply Arkham  (  [ ˈɑrkəm ]  )  , is a fictional psychiatric hospital appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly in stories featuring the superhero Batman .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins .
It is the home of seven private and two public schools .
MGK embarked on a musical career as a teenager , releasing a mixtape in 2006 .
Pan Am is an American period drama television series created by writer Jack Orman .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
The first three seasons aired on ABC , with the series moving to TBS for the final three seasons .
The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .
William Ray Cyrus  ( born August 25 , 1961 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actor .
He has had continued success as a recording artist , releasing eleven studio albums to date , including Foxy Lady  ( 1996 )  , Champion  ( 2009 )  , Glamazon  ( 2011 )  , Born Naked  ( 2014 )  and American  ( 2017 )  .
Bedazzled is a 2000 fantasy-comedy film remake of the 1967 film of the same name , originally written by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore , which was itself a comic retelling of the Faust legend .
Werner Herzog  (  [ ˈvɛɐ̯nɐ ˈhɛɐ̯tsoːk ]  ; born 5 September 1942 )  is a German screenwriter , film director , author , actor , and opera director .
Russia  (  [ ˈrʌʃə ]   [ Россия , Rossiya , rɐˈsʲijə ]  )  , also officially the Russian Federation  (  [ Российская Федерация , r = Rossiyskaya Federatsiya , p = rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ]  )  , is a country in Eurasia .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
James Paul Marsden  ( born September 18 , 1973 )  is an American actor , singer and former Versace model .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
Heinrich Luitpold Himmler  (  [ ˈhaɪnʁɪç ˈluˑɪtˌpɔlt ˈhɪmlɐ ]  ; 7 October 1900 -- 23 May 1945 )  was Reichsführer of the Schutzstaffel  ( Protection Squadron ; SS )  , and a leading member of the Nazi Party  ( NSDAP )  of Germany .
Some of her notable films included Patty Hearst  ( 1988 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Nell  ( 1994 )  , The Parent Trap  ( 1998 )  , and Maid in Manhattan  ( 2002 )  .
As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island , founded in 1636 , and one of the oldest cities in the United States .
He has received three Golden Globe awards , a Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory  ( 1989 )  and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller Training Day  ( 2001 )  .
Western Romance languages are one of the two subdivisions of a proposed subdivision of the Romance languages based on the La Spezia -- Rimini line .
Regarded as one of the most influential artists of the 20th century , he is known for co-founding the Cubist movement , the invention of constructed sculpture , the co-invention of collage , and for the wide variety of styles that he helped develop and explore .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
It is also the capital city of the Eṛṛbaṭ-Sla-Qniṭra administrative region .
Lincoln led the United States through its Civil War -- its bloodiest war and perhaps its greatest moral , constitutional , and political crisis .
Barbara Bush  ( née Pierce ; born June 8 , 1925 )  is the wife of George H. W. Bush , the 41st President of the United States , and served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
She is signed to EP Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings and released her debut single , `` Here '' , from the debut studio album , Know-It-All , released November 13 , 2015 .
The series follows Detective Robin Griffin  ( Elisabeth Moss )  , and Season 1 deals with the investigation of the disappearance of a pregnant 12-year-old girl in New Zealand .
It is also the basis for the first season of Game of Thrones , an HBO television series that premiered in April 2011 .
Anil Kapoor  ( born 24 December 1956 )  is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films , as well as international films and television series .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
His feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic 300  ( 2007 )  as a Spartan warrior ; his earlier roles included various stage productions , as well as starring roles on television such as in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers  ( 2001 )  and the Sky One fantasy drama Hex  ( 2004 -- 05 )  .
Over 120 colleges and universities are located in New York City , including Columbia University , New York University , and Rockefeller University , which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Released annually from 2005 through 2008 , the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella `` Bella '' Swan , a girl who moves to Forks , Washington , and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire named Edward Cullen .
It was later given a wide release at over 1,700 theaters in the United States and Canada on January 10 , 2014 .
It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
Bentley Motors Limited  (  [ ˈbɛntli ]  )  is a British manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and SUVs -- and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG since 1998 .
Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster film directed by Guillermo del Toro , and starring Charlie Hunnam , Idris Elba , Rinko Kikuchi , Charlie Day , Burn Gorman , Robert Kazinsky , Max Martini and Ron Perlman .
Fabian Cancellara  ( born 18 March 1981 )  , nicknamed `` Spartacus '' , is a Swiss former professional road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI ProTeam .
Yelp is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
As Secretary of State in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2013 , Clinton responded to the Arab Spring , during which she advocated the U.S. military intervention in Libya .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
The film gave actress Madhuri Dixit her first big break , making her an overnight star .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Among Japan 's largest and most famous studios , Sunrise is renowned for several critically lauded and popular original anime series , such as Gundam , Cowboy Bebop , Space Runaway Ideon , Armored Trooper Votoms , Yoroiden Samurai Troopers , Future GPX Cyber Formula , Crush Gear Turbo , The Vision of Escaflowne , Love Live School Idol Project , Witch Hunter Robin , My-HiME , My-Otome , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion , Tiger & Bunny , Cross Ange : Rondo of Angel and Dragon , as well as its numerous adaptations of acclaimed light novels including Dirty Pair , Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere and Accel World , and manga such as City Hunter , InuYasha , Outlaw Star , Yakitate !!
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
He has written for American Dad !
Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action spy thriller film directed by David Leitch and written by Kurt Johnstad .
It sells a range of clothing , footwear and accessories for both men and women .
The series follows the adventures of title characters Ren , an emotionally unstable chihuahua , and Stimpy , a good-natured , dimwitted cat .
He primarily plays as a forward , but has also been deployed as a winger and serves as captain for Portugal .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
He started his career as an actor and is well known for being a member of the acting Brat Pack of the 1980s , starring in The Breakfast Club , St. Elmo 's Fire , and also acting in the 1983 hit movie The Outsiders .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
A film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's tragedy of the same name , it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder .
The film was released on VHS and DVD on November 12 , 2002 and was later released on Blu-ray on September 16 , 2011 .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands .
Paul Leonard Newman  ( January 26 , 1925 -- September 26 , 2008 )  was an American actor , IndyCar driver , entrepreneur , and philanthropist .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids , they gained a local cult following in South Florida in the early 1990s with their theatrical live performances .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress  ( ANC )  party from 1991 to 1997 .
Khal Drogo is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Lindsay Dee Lohan  ( born July 2 , 1986 )  is an American actress and singer .
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon .
The film is about the lives of wealthy Los Angeles , California teenagers whose exposure to hip hop culture inspires them to imitate the gangster lifestyle .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Catherine Tregenna is a Welsh playwright , television scriptwriter and actress .
Jurassic World is a 2015 American science-fiction adventure film and the fourth installment of the Jurassic Park series .
The film was directed by Jeff Nichols , who also wrote the screenplay .
The blue-ringed octopodes  ( genus Hapalochlaena )  are three octopus species that live in tide pools and coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans , from Japan to Australia .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
Born into the Bhatt family , she is the daughter of filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and actress Soni Razdan .
Helike  (  [ ˈhɛlᵻkiː ]  Ἑλίκη , pronounced  [ heˈlikɛː ]  , modern  [ eˈlici ]  )  was an ancient Greek city that was submerged by a tsunami in the winter of 373 BC .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
It is located in the Cusco Region , Urubamba Province , Machupicchu District in Peru , above the Sacred Valley , which is 80 km northwest of Cuzco and through which the Urubamba River flows .
She is best known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections , particularly those revolving around her fictional detectives Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple .
Austria 's defeat by Prussia at the Battle of Königgrätz , during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 , cleared the way for Prussia to assert control over the rest of Germany .
MacFarlane is the creator of the TV series Family Guy  ( 1999 -- 2003 , 2005 -- present )  , co-creator of the TV series American Dad !
After becoming a Saturday Night Live cast member , Sandler went on to star in many Hollywood feature films that combined have grossed over $ 2 billion at the box office .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Charles I  ( 19 November 1600 -- 30 January 1649 )  was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
It was founded in 2002 by entrepreneur Elon Musk with the goal of reducing space transportation costs and enabling the colonization of Mars .
It was released theatrically on March 16 , 2012 , by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and grossed $ 201 million .
After the European discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 .
`` My Sweet Lord '' is a song by English musician and former Beatle , George Harrison .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
He is the son of the Titan Hyperion and the Titaness Theia  ( according to Hesiod )  , also known as Euryphaessa  ( in Homeric Hymn 31 )  and brother of the goddesses Selene , the moon , and Eos , the dawn .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus-strewn landscape .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
The Bostonians is a 1984 British romantic drama film based on Henry James 's novel of the same name .
Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in South Norwood , London , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football .
Vanilla Sky stars Tom Cruise , Penelope Cruz , and Cameron Diaz with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Bernard Sanders  ( born September 8 , 1941 )  is an American politician who has been the junior United States Senator from Vermont since 2007 .
Following his commercial breakthrough with the science-fiction horror film Alien  ( 1979 )  , his best known works are the neo-noir dystopian science fiction film Blade Runner  ( 1982 )  , crime drama Thelma & Louise  ( 1991 )  , historical drama and Best Picture Oscar winner Gladiator  ( 2000 )  , war film Black Hawk Down  ( 2001 )  , crime thriller Hannibal  ( 2001 )  , biographical film American Gangster  ( 2007 )  , and science fiction films Prometheus  ( 2012 )  and The Martian  ( 2015 )  .
She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson , and later worked with artists including Pink , Missy Elliott , and Christina Aguilera .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
Stephon Xavier Marbury  ( born February 20 , 1977 )  is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association  ( CBA )  .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
Like other Kuiper belt objects , Pluto is primarily made of ice and rock and is relatively small -- about one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third its volume .
Seth Aaron Rogen  (  [ ˈroʊɡən ]  born April 15 , 1982 )  is a Canadian-American actor , filmmaker , and comedian .
The Greenland shark  ( Somniosus microcephalus )  , also known as the gurry shark , or grey shark , or by the Inuit name eqalussuaq , is a large shark of the family Somniosidae  ( `` sleeper sharks '' )  , closely related to the Pacific and southern sleeper sharks .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
Friendship has been studied in academic fields such as communication , sociology , social psychology , anthropology , and philosophy .
Tetris  ( , pronounced  [ ˈtɛtrʲɪs ]  )  is a tile-matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov .
He is the reigning UFC Lightweight Champion , and former UFC Featherweight Champion .
In 1901 she graduated with a degree in classics from the University of Chicago .
Gayathri Raguram is an Indian film actress and choreographer who works in south Indian language films .
Kevin Spacey Fowler , KBE  ( born July 26 , 1959 )  , better known as Kevin Spacey , is an American actor , film director , producer , screenwriter , and singer .
A sequel is scheduled for release on June 22 , 2018 .
Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American biographical romantic comedy-drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert , based on Gilbert 's best-selling memoir Eat , Pray , Love .
Born in Greenville , Mississippi , and raised in Leland , Mississippi , and Hyattsville , Maryland , Henson began developing puppets while attending high school .
The Isle of Man  (  [ ˈmæn ]  Mannin  [ ˈmanɪn ]  or Ellan Vannin  [ ˈɛlʲən ˈvanɪn ]  )  , also known simply as Mann , is a self-governing crown dependency in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
After beginning his career in Argentina with Instituto de Córdoba in 2011 , he moved to Italian club Palermo in 2012 ; his performances in Serie A later earned him a transfer to Juventus in 2015 , where he won the league title , the Coppa Italia and the Supercoppa Italiana during his first season with the club .
It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system .
He continued to co-write , including the songs `` Do n't Forget Where You Belong '' , `` Why Do n't We Go There '' and `` Story of My Life '' for the album Midnight Memories ; `` Night Changes '' , `` Fool 's Gold '' and `` Change Your Ticket '' for the album Four ; and `` Wolves '' , `` A.M. '' , `` Temporary Fix '' and `` Never Enough '' for the band 's fifth album Made in the A.M. .
Audrey Horne is a fictional character from the ABC television series Twin Peaks , played by Sherilyn Fenn .
Since the late 20th century , consensus among Western scholars has consistently held Eisenhower as one of the greatest U.S. Presidents .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls  ( the other being Charles Haley )  , the only quarterback to win five and the only player to win them all playing for one team .
Initially Deadpool was depicted as a supervillain when he made his first appearance in The New Mutants and later in issues of X-Force , but later evolved into his more recognizable antiheroic persona .
It stars Robert De Niro , Nick Nolte , Jessica Lange , and Juliette Lewis , and features cameos from Gregory Peck , Robert Mitchum , and Martin Balsam , who all appeared in the original film .
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress  ( ANC )  party from 1991 to 1997 .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
Its design and sound input/output received significant praise , while a lack of interoperability between other Google Assistant-enabled devices was criticized .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
He created some of the world 's best-known fictional characters and is regarded by many as the greatest novelist of the Victorian era .
Irwin achieved worldwide fame from the television series The Crocodile Hunter , an internationally broadcast wildlife documentary series which he co-hosted with his wife Terri .
Harmanpreet Kaur  ( ਹਰਮਨਪ੍ਰੀਤ ਕੌਰ born 8 March 1989 , Moga , Punjab )  is an Indian cricketer who has played in 2 Tests , 49 women 's one-day internationals and 53 Twenty20 internationals for India .
Hawaii is the only U.S. state located in Oceania and the only one composed entirely of islands .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
Ann Lois Romney  ( née Davies ; born April 16 , 1949 )  is the wife of American businessman and politician , Mitt Romney .
In recent years , he has contributed to The Players ' Tribune as both a photographer and writer .
The Women 's Tennis Association  ( WTA )  has ranked her world no. 1 in singles on eight occasions , from 2002 to 2017 .
James Maury `` Jim '' Henson  ( September 24 , 1936 -- May 16 , 1990 )  was an American puppeteer , artist , cartoonist , inventor , screenwriter , film director and producer who achieved international fame as the creator of the Muppets .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
Martina Navratilova  ( Martina Navrátilová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈnavraːcɪlovaː ]  ; born Martina Šubertová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈʃubɛrtovaː ]  ; October 18 , 1956 )  is a Czech and American retired tennis player and coach .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
It was created and written by Chris Chibnall and produced by Kudos Film and Television , Shine America , and Imaginary Friends .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Antarctica is a desert , with annual precipitation of only 200 mm  ( 8 in )  along the coast and far less inland .
Pence positioned himself as a principled ideologue and supporter of the Tea Party movement , noting he was `` a Christian , a conservative , and a Republican , in that order . ''
Kristofer Hivju  ( born December 7 , 1978 )  is a Norwegian film actor , producer , and writer .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
John Devon Roland Pertwee  ( 7 July 1919 -- 20 May 1996 )  , known professionally as Jon Pertwee , was an English actor , entertainer and cabaret performer .
From 1973 , Kurtzman taught cartooning at the School of Visual Arts in New York .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
Chelsea are the only London club to win the UEFA Champions League , and one of five clubs to have won all three main UEFA club competitions , first English to do so .
They own the Bluebird Cafe .
The distribution of this species is mostly restricted to the waters of the North Atlantic Ocean and Arctic Ocean .
After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
The group consists of members Ally Brooke , Normani Kordei , Dinah Jane , Lauren Jauregui and previously , Camila Cabello , whose departure was announced on December 18 , 2016 .
He has played much of his career as a forward , and he has also been used in various midfield roles .
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
Li Lianjie  ( born 26 April 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese film actor , film producer , martial artist , and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing .
It debuted at number one in Australia and Canada as well , and peaked in the top ten of twenty countries worldwide .
He made his directorial debut with My Bodyguard  ( 1980 )  , and has since directed movies like Six Weeks  ( 1982 )  , Five Corners  ( 1987 )  , Crazy People  ( 1990 )  , and Flyboys  ( 2006 )  .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
`` Stars Are Blind '' is the debut single recorded by American recording artist Paris Hilton .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
Mad Men is an American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner and produced by Lionsgate Television .
J.Lo is the second studio album and most successful album to date by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
Her debut solo album She 's So Unusual  ( 1983 )  was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the Billboard Hot 100 -- `` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' , `` Time After Time '' , `` She Bop '' , and `` All Through the Night '' -- and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985 .
Her other film roles included Shampoo  ( 1975 )  , The Blues Brothers  ( 1980 )  , Hannah and Her Sisters  ( 1986 )  , The ` Burbs  ( 1989 )  , and When Harry Met Sally ...  ( 1989 )  .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
It is Ramsay 's fourth series for the Fox network and airs on Monday nights at 8 pm ET/PT .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
He read English at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Elizabeth II  ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 )  has been Queen of the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and New Zealand since 6 February 1952 .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
The franchise 's second film , subtitled Dead Man 's Chest , was released three years later in 2006 ; the sequel proved successful , breaking financial records worldwide the day of its premiere .
She is known for portraying Inara Serra in the series Firefly and the follow-up film Serenity , Adria in the series Stargate SG-1 and the follow-up film Stargate : The Ark of Truth , Anna in the 2009 version of the series V , Vanessa in the superhero comedy film Deadpool , and Jessica Brody in the Showtime series Homeland  ( for which she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 )  .
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria  (  [ ˈpaβ̞lo eˈmiljo eskoˈβ̞aɾ ɣ̞aˈβ̞iɾja ]  ; 1 December 19492 December 1993 )  was a Colombian drug lord and narco-terrorist .
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is intended to be the eighteenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
The Dakota , also known as Dakota Apartments , is a cooperative apartment building located on the northwest corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City , United States .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
He is best known for a series of hits in the 1960s and 1970s , and for hosting a music and comedy variety show called The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour on CBS television from January 1969 through June 1972 .
The Panthers compete in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference  ( NFC )  South division .
He is known for his roles in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  , Shallow Hal  ( 2001 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , King Kong  ( 2005 )  , The Holiday  ( 2006 )  , Nacho Libre  ( 2006 )  , Kung Fu Panda  ( 2008 )  , Tropic Thunder  ( 2008 )  , Gulliver 's Travels  ( 2010 )  , Kung Fu Panda 2  ( 2011 )  , Bernie  ( 2011 )  , Goosebumps  ( 2015 )  , and Kung Fu Panda 3  ( 2016 )  .
Delmar Drew Arnaud  ( born May 25 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Daz Dillinger  ( formerly Dat Nigga Daz )  , is an American rapper and record producer from Long Beach , California .
Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles .
Elizabeth Woolridge Grant  ( born June 21 , 1985 )  , better known by her stage name Lana Del Rey , is an American singer , songwriter , and model .
John Clayton Mayer  (  [ ˈmeɪ.ɚ ]  born October 16 , 1977 )  is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
English  [ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ ]  is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the global lingua franca .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
He mainly concentrated on comedies and literary adaptations .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
It was created and written by Chris Chibnall and produced by Kudos Film and Television , Shine America , and Imaginary Friends .
Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster film directed by Guillermo del Toro , and starring Charlie Hunnam , Idris Elba , Rinko Kikuchi , Charlie Day , Burn Gorman , Robert Kazinsky , Max Martini and Ron Perlman .
Hilary Swank  ( born July 30 , 1974 )  is an American actress and producer .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood 's golden age .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards .
The wreck of Titanic , first discovered over 70 years after the sinking , remains on the seabed , split in two and gradually disintegrating at a depth of 12415 ft. Since her discovery in 1985 , thousands of artefacts have been recovered and put on display at museums around the world .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
A remake of the 1933 film of the same name , the film stars Naomi Watts , Jack Black , Adrien Brody , and , through motion capture , Andy Serkis as the title character .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
The film stars Emilia Clarke , Sam Claflin , Steve Peacocke , Jenna Coleman , Charles Dance , Matthew Lewis , Janet McTeer , Vanessa Kirby and Joanna Lumley .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
The film stars Eva Green , Asa Butterfield , Chris O'Dowd , Allison Janney , Rupert Everett , Terence Stamp , Ella Purnell with Judi Dench and Samuel L. Jackson .
He was born in Peekskill , New York , and moved with his parents to Sydney , Australia , when he was 12 years old .
Howard also wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times , The New Yorker and Vanity Fair .
It depicts the adventures of various characters `` a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away '' .
The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed , co-produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
Rautela was crowned
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
He attained the rank of field marshal .
Robin Charles Thicke  ( born March 10 , 1977 )  is an American singer , songwriter and record producer .
It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki , an adolescent ninja who searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage , the leader of his village .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam Raimi , Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent .
A co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Juana la Virgen  ( English : Juana the Virgin )  is a 2002 Venezuelan telenovela written by Perla Farias and produced by RCTV .
The songs can be sequential , or by beatmatching the songs and creating overlaps and fades between the end of one song and the beginning of another the tape may become a seamless whole .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
The Promise is a 2016 American historical drama film directed by Terry George and starring Oscar Isaac , Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale , set in the final years of the Ottoman Empire .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
In December 2016 , Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World 's Most Powerful People .
The USC School of Cinematic Arts  ( formerly the USC School of Cinema-Television , or CNTV )  is a private media School within the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election .
Lena Headey , Emilia Clarke , Kit Harington , Maisie Williams , Diana Rigg , and Max von Sydow have also received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for their performances in the series .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
He is often accompanied by his animal companions -- the wolves Geri and Freki and the ravens Huginn and Muninn , who bring him information from all over Midgard -- and rides the flying , eight-legged steed Sleipnir across the sky and into the underworld .
Anni-Frid Synni , Princess Reuss of Plauen  ( Anni-Frid Synni , Prinzessin Reuss von Plauen born Anni-Frid Synni Lyngstad ,  [ ² ɑnːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑ ]  ;  [ ² anːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑːd ]  , 15 November 1945 )  , widely known as Frida Lyngstad or by just the mononym Frida  (  [ ² friːdɑ ]  ;  [ ² friːda ]  )  , is a Swedish pop and jazz singer .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
In 2008 , Ament released his first solo album , Tone .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries .
She is the most successful female songwriter of the latter half of the 20th century , having written or co-written 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1955 and 1999 .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
Mickey Rooney  ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 )  was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality .
It was published anonymously ; By A Lady appears on the cover page where the author 's name might have been .
The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .
Famous for playing comic `` dumb blonde '' characters , she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s , emblematic of the era 's attitudes towards sexuality .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
It is a third game in the Metroid series .
Her debut album , 19 , was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
Sherlock is a crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes detective stories .
Lauren Bacall  (  [ ˌlɔːrən bəˈkɔːl ]  , born Betty Joan Perske ; September 16 , 1924 -- August 12 , 2014 )  was an American actress and singer known for her distinctive voice and sultry looks .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Napoleon Bonaparte  (  [ nəˈpoʊliən ˈboʊnəpɑrt ]   [ napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt ]  ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 )  was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Anton Viktorovich Yelchin  ( Анто́н Ви́кторович Ельчи́н March 11 , 1989 -- June 19 , 2016 )  was an American actor .
Henry John Deutschendorf Jr.  ( December 31 , 1943 -- October 12 , 1997 )  , known professionally as John Denver , an American musician , singer-songwriter , record producer , activist , actor , and humanitarian , whose greatest commercial success was as a solo singer .
Coke Boys Records is an independent record label , originally known as Cocaine City Records that was founded by American rapper French Montana in 2008 .
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The film stars Colin Farrell , Noomi Rapace , Dominic Cooper , and Terrence Howard , and was released on March 8 , 2013 .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
Pearce stars as a man who , as a result of a past trauma , suffers from anterograde amnesia , the inability to form new memories and suffers short-term memory loss approximately every five minutes .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
It is a unitary parliamentary republic , has 10.5 million inhabitants and the capital and largest city is Prague , with over 1.2 million residents .
After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
Bahrain  (  [ bɑːˈreɪn ]  البحرين )  , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain , is a small Arab monarchy in the Arabian Gulf .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
Diagnosis is by genetic testing , which can be carried out at any time , regardless of whether or not symptoms are present .
He is a seven-time Formula One World Champion and is widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time .
The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .
Helios  (  [ ˈhiːli.ɒs ]  Ἥλιος Hēlios ; Latinized as Helius ; Ἠέλιος in Homeric Greek )  was the personification of the Sun in Greek mythology .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
He has been featured in a number of documentaries and hosted television shows .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
Dangal  ( Wrestling competition )  is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film directed by Nitesh Tiwari .
Albert Einstein  (  [ ˈaɪnstaɪn ]   [ ˈalbɛɐ̯t ˈaɪnʃtaɪn ]  ; 14 March 1879 -- 18 April 1955 )  was a German-born theoretical physicist .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
Xbox One is a line of home video game consoles developed by Microsoft .
By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
Alpha House is an American political satire web television series produced by Amazon Studios .
Saved is a play by Edward Bond which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre , London in November 1965 .
The 1983 -- 84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association .
She played her first cricket international in July 2007 before earning her first soccer cap for Australia a month later .
L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .
Buddy Holly  ( born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 )  was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
His highly publicized home invasion crime spree terrorized the residents of the greater Los Angeles area , and later the residents of the San Francisco area , from June 1984 until August 1985 .
Kidman 's other notable films include the crime comedy-drama To Die For  ( 1995 )  , for which she won her first Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical , the erotic thriller Eyes Wide Shut  ( 1999 )  , the horror-thriller The Others  ( 2001 )  , the epic war drama film Cold Mountain  ( 2003 )  , the drama Dogville  ( 2003 )  , the political thriller The Interpreter  ( 2005 )  , and the epic historical romantic drama Australia  ( 2008 )  .
The James Bond series focuses on a fictional British Secret Service agent created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming , who featured him in twelve novels and two short-story collections .
Terminator Genisys is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Alan Taylor and written by Laeta Kalogridis and Patrick Lussier .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
Buddhism  (  [ pronˈbʊdɪzəm ]  or  [ ˈbuːdɪzəm ]  )  is an Indian religion and dharma that encompasses a variety of traditions , beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to the Buddha .
A Christian state stands in contrast to a secular state , an atheist state , or another religious state , such as a Jewish state , or an Islamic state .
It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash , a costumed superhero crime-fighter with the power to move at superhuman speeds .
It was broadcast on BBC One from 20 September 2008 to 24 December 2012 for a total of 65 episodes .
Richmond  (  [ ˈrɪtʃmənd ]  )  is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Judy Garland  ( born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 -- June 22 , 1969 )  was an American singer , actress , and vaudevillian .
Liberia  [ laɪˈbɪəriə ]  , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the West African coast .
Murder on the Orient Express is an upcoming British-American mystery film directed by Kenneth Branagh .
As of 2011 , Chaplin maintained homes in Miami , Florida , in the United States , and in Madrid , Spain , and Corsier-sur-Vevey , Switzerland .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
Chris Carter  ( born October 13 , 1956 )  is an American television and film producer , director and writer .
Horseshoe Falls , also known as Canadian Falls , is one of three waterfalls which collectively form Niagara Falls on the Niagara River along the Canada-US Border .
Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations .
He is best known for writing the screenplay for the 2012 film Argo , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay .
The OA is an American mystery drama web television series with science fiction , supernatural , and fantasy elements , which debuted on Netflix on December 16 , 2016 .
The Falling is a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by Carol Morley .
Andrew Patrick Wood  ( January 8 , 1966 -- March 19 , 1990 )  was an American musician best known as the lead singer for alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
She is known for human rights advocacy , especially education of women in her native Swat Valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , northwest Pakistan , where the local Taliban had at times banned girls from attending school .
Joel David Coen  ( born November 29 , 1954 )  and Ethan Jesse Coen  ( born September 21 , 1957 )  , collectively referred to as the Coen brothers , are American filmmakers .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
It is the national fruit of India , Pakistan , and the Philippines , and the national tree of Bangladesh .
His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor , and as a producer since 2005 .
It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
Beautiful is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Sally Field  ( in her feature film directorial debut )  , starring Minnie Driver , Joey Lauren Adams , Hallie Kate Eisenberg , Herta Ware , and Kathleen Turner .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
The band currently consists of bassist and vocalist Mark Hoppus , drummer Travis Barker , and guitarist and vocalist Matt Skiba .
The film 's version of the Queen was created by Walt Disney and Joe Grant , and originally animated by Art Babbit and voiced by Lucille La Verne .
David Koepp  ( born June 9 , 1963 )  is an American screenwriter and director .
He completed one year of an engineering program at Montreal 's École Polytechnique before quitting in 2003 .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Warren Edward Buffett  (  [ ˈbʌfᵻt ]  born August 30 , 1930 )  is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .
Bob Dylan  (  [ ˈdɪlən ]  born Robert Allen Zimmerman ; May 24 , 1941 )  is an American poetic songwriter , singer , painter , writer , and Nobel prize laureate .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
Facing severe investment reversals and dying of throat cancer , he wrote his memoirs , which proved to be a major literary work and financial success .
The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film directed by Stephen Daldry and written by David Hare , based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink .
Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.Although Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign state , two of its Overseas Territories also share land borders with other sovereign countries .
Wynonna Ellen Judd  (  [ waɪˈnoʊnə ]  born Christina Claire Ciminella ; May 30 , 1964 )  is an American country music singer .
The film 's version of the Queen was created by Walt Disney and Joe Grant , and originally animated by Art Babbit and voiced by Lucille La Verne .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
The series premiered in the United States on January 30 , 2013 on the cable network FX .
It was located in Achaea , northern Peloponnesos , two kilometres  ( 12 stadia )  from the Corinthian Gulf and near the city of Boura , which , like Helike , was a member of the Achaean League .
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
It measures 32 km long from its northwestern to its southeastern end and 10 km across at its widest point .
He has written for American Dad !
The castle , which has been a Grade I listed building since 1951 , underwent a major restoration in the early 20th century .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Colin James Farrell  ( born 31 May 1976 )  is an Irish actor .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger  (  [ ˈʃwɔːrtsənˌɛɡər ]   [ ˈaɐ̯nɔlt ˈalɔʏs ˈʃvaɐ̯tsn̩ˌɛɡɐ ]  ; born July 30 , 1947 )  is an Austrian-American actor , producer , businessman , investor , author , philanthropist , activist , politician and former professional bodybuilder .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Born in Oviedo , the capital of the autonomous region of Asturias , Alonso started in karting from the age of 3 .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
The films take place in a fictional historical setting ; a world ruled by the British Empire , the East India Trading Company  ( based on the real East India Company )  , and the Spanish Empire , with pirates representing freedom from the ruling powers .
He has won three CBA championships with Beijing in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 , and is widely considered as the greatest foreign player to ever play in the Chinese Basketball Association .
 ( 1968 )  , Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , Hannibal Brooks  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Three Musketeers  ( 1973 )  , Tommy  ( 1975 )  , Lion of the Desert  ( 1981 )  , Castaway  ( 1986 )  , The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  ( 1988 )  and Funny Bones  ( 1995 )  .
Lily Jane Collins  ( born 18 March 1989 )  is a British-American actress and model .
It is situated on the plain of the river Guadalquivir .
She has appeared in numerous science fiction and action films , leading the music channel VH1 to deem her the `` reigning queen of kick-butt '' in 2006 .
Blink-182  ( often stylized as blink-182 ; pronounced `` blink one eighty two '' )  is an American rock band formed in Poway , California in 1992 .
Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War  ( Original title חטופים Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' )  , which was created by Gideon Raff .
Judith Eva Barsi  ( June 6 , 1978 -- July 25 , 1988 )  was an American child actress in the mid - to late 1980s .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
The number of new cases per year ranges from 1.2 -- 3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals to 3.9 -- 11.8 per 1,000 among those older than 65 years of age .
The first film , Underworld , was released in 2003 .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Throughout his tenure in the WWF/WWE , Angle was a six-time world champion  ( four reigns as WWF/WWE Champion , one as WCW Champion , and one as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , a one-time United States Champion , one-time Intercontinental Champion , one-time European Champion , one-time Hardcore Champion , and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan , New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world , and the city is home to the world 's two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization , the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Plato  (  [ ˈpleɪtoʊ ]  Greek : Πλάτων Plátōn ,  [ plá.tɔːn ]  in Classical Attic ; 428/427 or 424/423 -- 348/347 BCE )  was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens , the first institution of higher learning in the Western world .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Avram Noam Chomsky  (  [ æ ` vrɑːm   ` noʊm ˈtʃɒmski ]  ; born December 7 , 1928 )  is an American linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , historian , social critic , and political activist .
She played gym teacher Ms. Collins in the 1976 Brian de Palma film Carrie and went on to star in the short-lived Broadway musical version of Carrie in 1988 , this time playing Carrie 's mother , Margaret White .
Famous in Love is an American drama television series that premiered on Freeform on April 18 , 2017 , and is based on the novel of the same name by Rebecca Serle .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film The Piano  ( 1993 )  , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
Females of all mammal species nurse their young with milk , secreted from the mammary glands .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Adam Keefe Horovitz  ( born October 31 , 1966 )  , better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock , is an American musician , guitarist , rapper , producer , and actor .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
`` San Junipero '' is the fourth episode of the third series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror .
A cult film , also commonly referred to as a cult classic , is a film that has acquired a cult following .
Before his reign , Philip occupied an exalted place in the royal family of France as a grandson of King Louis XIV .
The only alpha world city in Malaysia , it covers an area of 243 km2 and has an estimated population of 1.73 million .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
Raphael Matthew Bob-Waksberg  ( born August 17 , 1986 )  is an American comedian , writer , producer , and actor .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Despicable Me is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 , 2010 in the United States .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Conflicts with the Russian Empire in 19th century led to significant territorial losses .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia .
Niall James Horan  ( born 13 September 1993 )  is an Irish singer and songwriter , best known as a member of the boy band One Direction .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
Woodard has been named one of the most versatile and accomplished actors of her generation .
The film features Ranveer Singh , Arjun Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan Khan in the principal roles .
In 2008 , he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35 .
During his lifetime , his record sales , estimated at 140 million worldwide , made him one of the world 's best-selling music artists .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
In his movies , he is known for his acrobatic fighting style , comic timing , use of improvised weapons , and innovative stunts , which he typically performs himself .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Adderall is a combination drug containing salts of the two enantiomers of amphetamine , a central nervous system  ( CNS )  stimulant of the phenethylamine class .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
He is often regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .
She had leading roles in the sci-fi action-horror film Priest  ( 2011 )  and the psychological action-thriller film Abduction , and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Sci-Fi/Fantasy for her role as Snow White in the fantasy film Mirror Mirror .
As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate .
Emma Thompson  ( born 15 April 1959 )  is a British actress , activist , author , comedienne and screenwriter .
Luxo Jr. is a 1986 American computer-animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by John Lasseter .
Khan went on to establish himself in Bollywood in the 1990s with roles in several top-grossing productions , including the romantic drama Hum Aapke Hain Koun .
Sully  ( also known as Sully : Miracle on the Hudson )  is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki , based on the autobiography Highest Duty by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow .
It dramatises the damaging physical and psychological effects of political ambition on those who seek power for its own sake .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
He is known for a collection of major hit singles including `` Bump N ' Grind '' , `` Your Body 's Callin ' '' , `` I Believe I Can Fly '' , `` Gotham City '' , `` Ignition  ( Remix )  '' , `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' , `` The World 's Greatest '' , `` I 'm a Flirt  ( Remix )  '' , and the hip-hopera `` Trapped in the Closet '' .
Supernatural is an American fantasy horror television series created by Eric Kripke .
One of his better-known roles was Jack Bauer on the Fox drama series 24  ( 2001 -- 2010 )  , for which he earned an Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Satellite Awards .
A Christian state is a country that recognizes a form of Christianity as its official religion and often has a state church , which is a Christian denomination that supports the government and is supported by the government .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
She is best known for her work on comic book titles such as Power Pack , X-Factor , New Mutants , Superman : The Man of Steel , and Steel .
Elfman is best known for his work scoring films and television shows , in particular his frequent collaborations with director Tim Burton , and for being the lead singer and songwriter for the band Oingo Boingo from 1974 to 1995 .
Generation X is a relatively smaller demographic cohort sandwiched between two larger demographic cohorts , the baby boomers and the millennials .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
Steven Patrick Morrissey  ( born 22 May 1959 )  , professionally known as Morrissey , is an English singer , songwriter and author .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues , and from country music .
Spider-Man premiered in the Philippines on April 30 , 2002 , and had its general release in the United States on May 3 , 2002 .
It is bordered by Belgium to the west and north , Germany to the east , and France to the south .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network ; cable television networks such as Disney Channel , ESPN , A+E Networks , and Freeform ; publishing , merchandising , music , and theatre divisions ; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world .
The school offers multiple undergraduate and graduate programs covering production , screenwriting , critical studies , animation and digital arts , and interactive media & games .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Christopher Michael Pratt  ( born June 21 , 1979 )  is an American actor .
Dementia is a broad category of brain diseases that cause a long term and often gradual decrease in the ability to think and remember that is great enough to affect a person 's daily functioning .
It stars Akshay Kumar , Saif Ali Khan and Kajol .
Philadelphia is the economic and cultural anchor of the Delaware Valleya region located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers with 7.2 million people residing in the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States .
She is the mother of George W. Bush , the 43rd President , and Jeb Bush , the 43rd Governor of Florida .
Lee Majors  ( born Harvey Lee Yeary ; April 23 , 1939 )  is an American film , television and voice actor .
Michael Andrew Fox , OC  ( born June 9 , 1961 )  , known professionally as Michael J. Fox , is a Canadian-American actor , author , producer , and activist .
Overall , the Democratic Party has retained a membership lead over its major rival the Republican Party  ( GOP )  .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
His poem `` September on Jessore Road , '' calling attention to the plight of Bangladeshi refugees , exemplifies what the literary critic Helen Vendler described as Ginsberg 's tireless persistence in protesting against `` imperial politics , and persecution of the powerless . ''
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
Sorum is currently a member of the touring project , Kings of Chaos , and is a former member of both The Cult and Y Kant Tori Read .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Benjamin John `` Ben '' Whishaw  ( born 14 October 1980 )  is an English actor .
Watts directed and co-wrote the upcoming Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures produced Spider-Man : Homecoming , slated for a July 7 , 2017 release .
He gained international fame by starring in films such as A Day in a Life  ( 2007 )  , Moscow , Belgium  ( 2008 )  , The Misfortunates  ( 2009 )  and The Broken Circle Breakdown  ( 2012 )  , as well The Zookeepers Wife  ( 2017 ) 
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
It stars Gary Oldman , Joan Allen , Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater .
Early in his career , Khan was recognised for portraying villainous roles in the films Darr  ( 1993 )  , Baazigar  ( 1993 )  and Anjaam  ( 1994 )  .
He portrayed Carl Bruner in Ghost , Colonel Bagley in The Last Samurai , and the voice of the title character of the Disney animated film Tarzan .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr.  ( born August 3 , 1977 )  is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League  ( NFL )  .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia .
He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age .
The film stars Chadwick Boseman as Robinson , and Harrison Ford as Branch Rickey , with Alan Tudyk , Nicole Beharie , Christopher Meloni , Andre Holland , Lucas Black , Hamish Linklater and Ryan Merriman appearing in supporting roles .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
Born in Harlem , New York , and raised in Libertyville , Illinois , Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Harald married Sonja Haraldsen in 1968 , with their relationship initially being controversial due to her status as a commoner .
Prevention is by eating a healthy diet , regular exercise , maintaining a healthy weight and not smoking .
He was an influential interpreter and promoter of the U.S. Constitution , as well as the founder of the nation 's financial system , the Federalist Party , the United States Coast Guard , and The New York Post newspaper .
Because of its financial power and diversity in its heyday , Lebanon was referred to as the `` Switzerland of the East '' during the 1960s , and its capital , Beirut , attracted so many tourists that it was known as `` the Paris of the Middle East '' .
More than half of EPA 's employees are engineers , scientists , and environmental protection specialists ; other employees include legal , public affairs , financial , and information technologists .
Both wins were shared with Rick Baker .
The film stars Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie in a world where people can only tell the truth .
The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .
Clark Gregg co-starred as her ex-husband Richard , with whom Christine maintains a close relationship despite their divorce , as well as Hamish Linklater as her brother Matthew and Wanda Sykes as her best friend Barb .
He has received numerous such awards as the AMAs , Grammys , ACMs and CMAs , as well as a lifetime achievement award for a career spanning six decades in 2003 .
In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
Convicted of fifteen of the sixteen murders he had committed in Wisconsin , Dahmer was sentenced to fifteen terms of life imprisonment on February 15 , 1992 .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
The airline along with its subsidiaries and regional affiliates operate over 5,400 flights daily and serve an extensive domestic and international network that includes 319 destinations in 54 countries on six continents , as of October 2016 .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
Pornhub is a pornographic video sharing website and the largest pornography site on the Internet .
He is referred to as the `` Father of Modern Medicine '' in recognition of his lasting contributions to the field as the founder of the Hippocratic School of Medicine .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate .
From 2010 to 2013 , she starred in the Disney Channel sitcom Shake It Up as Rocky Blue .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
In the same year , the Austrian Parliament created the Declaration of Neutrality which declared that the Second Austrian Republic would become permanently neutral .
The American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney -- ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company .
Hangul enabled anyone in the general Korean population to easily learn to read and write and transfer written information rather than spending years learning complicated ancient Chinese .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
She was one of the founding members of the popular Motown vocal female group the Supremes .
Ratatouille  (  [ rætəˈtuːiː ]   [ ʁatatuj ]  )  is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar and released by Buena Vista Pictures Distribution .
Before being elected to the presidency , Jackson served in Congress and gained fame as a general in the United States Army .
Dickinson 's poems are unique for the era in which she wrote ; they contain short lines , typically lack titles , and often use slant rhyme as well as unconventional capitalization and punctuation .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
A mixtape  ( also mix-tape or mix tape )  is a home-made compilation of music  ( typically copyrighted songs taken from other sources )  recorded in a specific order , traditionally onto a cassette tape , though later replaced by CD or MP3 playlist formats .
The Ku Klux Klan  ( KKK )  , or simply the Klan , is the name of three distinct movements in the United States that have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy , white nationalism , anti-immigration , and , especially in later iterations , Nordicism , anti-Catholicism , and antisemitism .
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy  ( July 22 , 1890 -- January 22 , 1995 )  was an American philanthropist , centenarian and socialite .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Ava Marie DuVernay  (  [ ˈeɪvə ˌdjuːvərˈneɪ ]  born August 24 , 1972 )  is an American director , screenwriter , film marketer , and film distributor .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
He is renowned as one of the most consistent players on the tour , having earned over $ 30 million in prize money and recorded over 80 top-10 finishes .
The 2014 WTA Finals was a women 's tennis tournament in Singapore from October 17 to October 26 , 2014 , and was the 44th edition of the singles event and the 39th edition of the doubles competition .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Freeman won an Academy Award in 2005 for Best Supporting Actor with Million Dollar Baby  ( 2004 )  , and he has received Oscar nominations for his performances in Street Smart  ( 1987 )  , Driving Miss Daisy  ( 1989 )  , The Shawshank Redemption  ( 1994 )  and Invictus  ( 2009 )  .
Contracts were signed and work began on the films , adapted from Sidetracked , Firewall and One Step Behind , in January 2008 .
The Time Lords are a fictional , ancient extraterrestrial people in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , of which the series ' protagonist , the Doctor , is a member .
He rose to prominence as the lead singer of the indie rock band the Smiths , which was active from 1982 to 1987 .
Leighton Marissa Meester  ( born April 9 , 1986 )  is an American actress , singer-songwriter and model .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
The duo achieved significant popularity in the late 1990s as part of the French house movement and had continuous success in the years following , combining elements of house music with funk , techno , disco , rock music and synthpop influences .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
The film was written by husband and wife team Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .
Prior to the Presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and the state 's 42nd Governor from 1983 to 1992 .
The film stars Keanu Reeves and Dolph Lundgren .
Adrien Jerome Broner  ( born July 28 , 1989 )  is an American professional boxer .
He has two other sons , Santino  ( Sonny )  and Frederico  ( Fredo )  and one daughter Constanzia  ( Connie )  .
Kwon Ji-yong  ( ; born August 18 , 1988 )  , better known by his stage name G-Dragon , is a South Korean rapper , singer-songwriter , record producer , and fashion icon .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day .
It was distributed worldwide by RCTV International .
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon .
Neymar came into prominence at an early age at Santos , where he made his professional debut aged 17 .
He is also known for his roles in Uncle Buck  ( 1989 )  , My Girl  ( 1991 )  , The Good Son  ( 1993 )  , The Pagemaster  ( 1994 )  , Richie Rich  ( 1994 )  , Party Monster  ( 2003 )  , and the music video for Michael Jackson 's `` Black or White '' .
Tezaab  ( translation : Acid )  , released on 11 November 1988 , is an Indian action romantic Hindi movie starring Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles .
More than 11,000 athletes from 205 National Olympic Committees , including first time entrants Kosovo , South Sudan , and the Refugee Olympic Team , took part .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
She was known for her screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street , Splendor in the Grass , Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers , and West Side Story .
Mary Louise `` Meryl '' Streep  ( born June 22 , 1949 )  is an American actress and philanthropist .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Expressing an interest in music from an early age , Knowles had several temporary stints in Destiny 's Child , before signing with her father Mathew Knowles 's Music World Entertainment label .
He is considered one of the greatest and best-known French writers .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
Oscar Palmer Robertson  ( born November 24 , 1938 )  , nicknamed `` The Big O '' , is an American former National Basketball Association player who played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks .
It is also considered part of Central Africa .
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr.  ( born December 28 , 1954 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
She has also appeared in Red Dwarf as Pete Tranter 's sister and Murder in Mind .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
Kerala  (  [ ˈkɛrələ ]  )  historically known as Keralam , is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar Coast .
The film costars Viggo Mortensen , Dominic West , Elizabeth Perkins , Steve Buscemi , and Diane Ladd .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice .
A jingle is a short song or tune used in advertising and for other commercial uses .
The Odyssey '' '  (  [ ˈɒdəsi ]  Ὀδύσσεια Odýsseia ,  [ o.dýs.sej.ja ]  in Classical Attic )  is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer .
The film stars Ben Affleck , Rosamund Pike , Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
He pioneered many elements of the suspense and psychological thriller genres .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
Italian is an official language in Italy , Switzerland , San Marino , Vatican City and western Istria  ( in Slovenia and Croatia )  .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
Recognized as a film and fashion icon , Hepburn was active during Hollywood 's Golden Age .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
Based on the original The Voice of Holland , the concept of the series is to find currently unsigned singing talent  ( solo or duets , professional and amateur )  contested by aspiring singers , age 13 or over , drawn from public auditions .
William Shakespeare  (  [ ˈʃeɪkspɪə ]  26 April 1564  ( baptised )  -- 23 April 1616 )  was an English : poet , : playwright , and actor , widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world 's pre-eminent dramatist .
Trump 's father , Frederick , died when Trump was 13 years old .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network .
The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .
Earl Warren  ( March 19 , 1891 -- July 9 , 1974 )  was an American jurist and politician , who served as the 30th Governor of California  ( 1943 -- 1953 )  and later the 14th Chief Justice of the United States  ( 1953 -- 1969 )  .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
Naomi Grace Scott  ( born 6 May 1993 )  is an English actress and singer .
In 2008 , she was named Newest Red Carpet Correspondent and One to Watch in 2008 .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
Based on an idea that came to Martin while writing the 1981 novel Windhaven , Tyrion has been called one of the author 's finest creations and most popular characters by The New York Times .
At the 1989 Emmy Awards , the miniseries had 18 nominations and seven wins , including one for director Simon Wincer .
The only actors to appear in all iterations of the show so far are Evan Peters , Sarah Paulson and Lily Rabe .
Evil , in a general context is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
The Houston Rockets are an American professional basketball team based in Houston , Texas .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
Polanski 's Macbeth was screened out of competition at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  ; Ulster-Scots : Airlann  [ - scoˈɑːrlən ]  )  is an island in the North Atlantic .
Emma Thompson  ( born 15 April 1959 )  is a British actress , activist , author , comedienne and screenwriter .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
She has won five Grand Slam singles titles , twelve Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and five Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ; for a combined total of twenty-two major titles .
It was released on 23 October 2015 as the second single from his ninth studio album , Ripcord , through Hit Red and Capitol Nashville .
Despite the influx of money from these sources , Henry was continually on the verge of financial ruin due to his personal extravagance as well as his numerous costly continental wars , particularly with Francis I of France and the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V , as he sought to enforce his claim to the Kingdom of France .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Henman played a serve-and-volley style of tennis .
Shares of Google 's stock have been converted into Alphabet stock , which trade under Google 's former ticker symbols of `` GOOG '' and `` GOOGL '' .
Curtis James Jackson III  ( born July 6 , 1975 )  , known professionally as 50 Cent , is an American rapper , actor , businessman , and investor .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
The Black Panther  ( T'Challa )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
With a census-estimated 2017 population of 4,042,000 , it is the second-most populous city in the United States  ( after New York City )  and the most populous city in the state of California .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Punk rock  ( or simply `` punk '' )  is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid-1970s in the United States , United Kingdom , and Australia .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
A film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's tragedy of the same name , it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder .
Evans began his career on the stage , performing in many of London 's West End productions such as Rent , Miss Saigon , and Piaf before getting his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake .
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
The Nord-du-Québec region , occupying the northern half of the province , is sparsely populated and inhabited primarily by Aboriginal peoples .
Conflicts with the Russian Empire in 19th century led to significant territorial losses .
Dead Man Down is an 2013 American neo-noir crime thriller film written by J.H. Wyman and directed by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev .
Roosevelt was born in 1882 to an old , prominent Dutch family from Dutchess County , New York and attended Groton School .
Both Kauffman and Crane were also executive producers of the show , along with Kevin Bright .
Michael Schur and Rashida Jones wrote the teleplay for the episode , based on a story by series creator and showrunner Charlie Brooker , while Joe Wright acted as director .
She played her first cricket international in July 2007 before earning her first soccer cap for Australia a month later .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
Lance Edward Armstrong  ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 )  is an American former professional road racing cyclist .
It was formed by the Canary hotspot .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
GoldenEye  ( 1995 )  is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series , and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support , but in August 2014 the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive , and was released worldwide in August 2015 .
Woodrow Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson  ( born July 23 , 1961 )  is an American actor , activist and playwright .
She is mostly known for her starring role as Blair Waldorf in the drama series Gossip Girl  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
Some of the most popular mainstream Linux distributions are Arch Linux , CentOS , Debian , Fedora , Gentoo Linux , Linux Mint , Mageia , openSUSE and Ubuntu , together with commercial distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server .
A former U.S. Navy SEAL and special warfare operator , O'Neill is best known for claiming to have fired the head shots that killed Osama bin Laden during the raid on his Abbottabad compound on May 1 , 2011 .
The film was a financial success , earning more than $ 263 million at the box office on a $ 90 million budget .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
Ray Milland  ( 3 January 1907
According to 2011 census , Delhi 's city population was about 11 million , the second highest in India after Mumbai , while the whole NCT population was about 16.8 million .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
Baahubali : The Beginning  ( stylized as bãhubali ; The One with Strong Arms )  is a 2015 Indian epic historical fiction film directed by S. S. Rajamouli .
Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff .
Diary of the Dead is a 2007 horror film by George A. Romero .
Harvey Kurtzman  (  [ ˈkɜrtsmən ]  October 3 , 1924 -- February 21 , 1993 )  was an American cartoonist and editor .
In 2013 , Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors , the nation 's highest honor for influencing American culture through the arts .
During his reign , Justinian sought to revive the empire 's greatness and reconquer the lost western half of the historical Roman Empire .
She then appeared in British costume dramas such as Prince of Jutland  ( 1994 )  , Cold Comfort Farm  ( 1995 )  , Emma  ( 1996 )  , and The Golden Bowl  ( 2000 )  , in addition to various stage and radio productions .
He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .
The Fifth Element  ( Le Cinquième Élément )  is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson .
The locations used for Logan were mainly Louisiana , New Mexico and Mississippi .
Hungarians , also known as Magyars  ( magyarok )  , are a nation and ethnic group who speak Hungarian and are primarily associated with Hungary .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
He made substantial discoveries in anatomy , civil engineering , geology , optics , and hydrodynamics , but he did not publish his findings and they had no direct influence on later science .
Into the Woods received three Academy Award nominations at the 87th Academy Awards , including a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Streep , as well as three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Christopher `` Chris '' O'Dowd  ( born 9 October 1979 )  is an Irish actor , best known for comedic roles such as Roy Trenneman in the Channel 4 comedy The IT Crowd .
Victor Marie Hugo  (  [ viktɔʁ maʁi yɡo ]  ; 26 February 1802 -- 22 May 1885 )  was a French poet , novelist , and dramatist of the Romantic movement .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Although independently produced , it was distributed theatrically by Dimension Films and was released in cinemas on February 15 , 2008 and on DVD by The Weinstein Company and Genius Entertainment on May 20 , 2008 .
Nick Jonas is the second eponymous studio album by American singer-songwriter Nick Jonas .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Considered to be the greatest living artist during his lifetime , he has since been described as one of the greatest artists of all time .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The film is the sequel to The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons , and is the third installment in the Robert Langdon film series .
His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards , PGA Awards , Golden Globe Awards , and Academy Awards .
Common side effects include : constipation , itchiness and nausea , among others .
Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman .
Majors is best known for portraying the roles of Heath Barkley in the American television Western series The Big Valley  ( 1965 -- 1969 )  , Colonel Steve Austin in the American television science fiction action series The Six Million Dollar Man  ( 1973 -- 1978 )  , and Colt Seavers in American television action series The Fall Guy  ( 1981 -- 1986 )  .
A leading member of the revolutionary Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party , and later , the Baghdad-based Ba'ath Party and its regional organization the Iraqi Ba'ath Party -- which espoused Ba'athism , a mix of Arab nationalism and socialism -- Saddam played a key role in the 1968 coup  ( later referred to as the 17 July Revolution )  that brought the party to power in Iraq .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , along with the Republican Party .
Legion is a 2010 American apocalyptic supernatural action horror film directed by Scott Stewart and co-written by Stewart and Peter Schink .
He holds a 44.7 % stake in the company .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , one of 13 United States courts of appeals , and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks .
The head of state is Queen Elizabeth II , who holds the title of Lord of Mann .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Edward Thomas Hardy
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Cell division in this genus occurs along a single axis in these bacteria , thus they grow in chains or pairs , hence the name -- from Greek στρεπτός streptos , meaning easily bent or twisted , like a chain  ( twisted chain )  .
Tardigrades  (  [ ˈtɑrdᵻˌgreɪd ]  also known as water bears , space bears , or moss piglets )  are water-dwelling , eight-legged , segmented micro-animals .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
Shallow Hal is a 2001 American romantic comedy film starring Gwyneth Paltrow and Jack Black about a shallow man who falls in love with an overweight woman .
Fargo is an American black comedy -- crime drama anthology television series created and primarily written by Noah Hawley .
The film follows the life of notorious prisoner Michael Gordon Peterson , who was renamed Charles Bronson by his fight promoter .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
Into the Woods received three Academy Award nominations at the 87th Academy Awards , including a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Streep , as well as three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy .
Most Azerbaijanis however , do not actively practice any religion , and the country has been seen to be one of the most irreligious countries in the Muslim world , with 53 % stating religion has little to no importance in their lives , according to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls .
The film also co-stars Mario Van Peebles , Marsha Mason , and Everett McGill .
Outfit is a UK company which forms part of the Arcadia Group and began life in the 1990s .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
Born in Bellflower , California , Carter graduated with a degree in journalism from California State University , Long Beach before spending thirteen years working for Surfing Magazine .
Francis `` Frank '' Arthur Sedgman , AM  ( born 29 October 1927 )  is a retired former World No. 1 amateur tennis champion .
The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written , produced and directed by Cameron Crowe , and stars Tom Cruise , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger .
Born in Jamaica , at age 13 she moved with her siblings to their parents ' home in Syracuse , New York .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Kaczynski was born and raised in Evergreen Park , Illinois .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
Pineapple Express is a 2008 American stoner action comedy film directed by David Gordon Green , written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and starring Rogen and James Franco .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
Steven Price  ( born 22 April 1977 )  is a British film composer , best known for scoring Gravity , which won him the Academy Award for Best Original Score .
He was a lawyer , diplomat , statesman , political theorist , and , as a Founding Father , a leader of the movement for American independence from Great Britain .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
Pregnancy can occur by sexual intercourse or assisted reproductive technology .
Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize .
Paul Reiser co-stars as the student 's father .
Khaled Mohamed Khaled  ( born November 26 , 1975 )  , known professionally as DJ Khaled , is an American record producer , radio personality , DJ , record label executive , and author .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Lee Harvey Oswald  ( October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 )  was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
The first Klan flourished in the Southern United States in the late 1860s , then died out by the early 1870s .
After signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 1998 , he gained commercial success in the rap rock genre behind the singles `` Bawitdaba '' , `` Cowboy '' and `` Only God Knows Why ''  ( the latter foreshadowing his move into country rock )  .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Cleopatra is a 1963 American epic historical drama film chronicling the struggles of Cleopatra VII , the young Queen of Egypt , to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome .
Ronald N. Perlman  ( born April 13 , 1950 )  is an American actor and voice actor .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
Jeffrey Allen Ament  ( born March 10 , 1963 )  is an American musician and songwriter who serves as the bassist for the American rock band Pearl Jam .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
The World According to Paris is an American reality television series on Oxygen that premiered on June 1 , 2011 .
He was a distinguished poet and goldsmith ; he also became a great patron of culture , overseeing the `` Golden '' age of the Ottoman Empire in its artistic , literary and architectural development .
The Khmer Empire , officially the Angkor Empire , the predecessor state to modern Cambodia  ( `` Kampuchea '' or `` Srok Khmer '' to the Khmer people )  , was a powerful Hindu-Buddhist empire in Southeast Asia .
Burundi  (  [ bəˈrʊndi ]  or  [ bəˈrʌndi ]  )  , officially the Republic of Burundi  ( Republika y' Uburundi ,  [ buˈɾundi ]  République du Burundi ,  [ buʁundi ]  or  [ byʁyndi ]  )  , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa , bordered by Rwanda to the north , Tanzania to the east and south , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west .
Bomback is a graduate of Wesleyan University , where he studied English Literature and Film Studies .
It premiered on 8 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Joffrey is the eldest son of Cersei Lannister from the kingdom of Westeros .
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti  ( Arabic : صدام حسين عبد المجيد التكريتي ; 28 April 1937 -- 30 December 2006 )  was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 .
Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury ,  ( born 16 October 1925 )  is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter .
Blake Edwards  ( born William Blake Crump ; July 26 , 1922 -- December 15 , 2010 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
At 3.8 million square miles  ( 9.8 million km2 )  and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous .
He has been variously called the father of palaeontology , ichnology , and architecture , and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time .
Guam  (  [ ˈɡwɑːm ]  or  [ ˈɡwɒm ]  Chamorro : Guåhån  [ ˈɡʷɑhɑn ]  formally the Territory of Guam )  is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States .
Brooks Wackerman  ( born February 15 , 1977 )  is an American musician , currently the drummer for the American heavy metal bands Avenged Sevenfold and Mass Mental , also known as the former drummer for Bad Religion , and is the younger brother of John Bob , and Chad Wackerman  ( formerly a member of Frank Zappa 's band )  .
It is the only species of Canis to have a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds , and originated in Eurasia during the Pleistocene , colonizing North America on at least three separate occasions during the Rancholabrean .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
Born and raised in Atlanta , Georgia , Wilburn first became involved in music as part of the Dungeon Family collective , where he was nicknamed `` the Future '' .
She subsequently signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records , and her debut studio album Meet Miley Cyrus  ( 2007 )  was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  having shipped over three million units .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy and has switched between parliamentary democracy and military junta for decades , the latest coup being in May 2014 by the National Council for Peace and Order .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr.  ( also shortened to Indy )  is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise .
It dramatises the damaging physical and psychological effects of political ambition on those who seek power for its own sake .
The film was directed by Marc Webb and was produced by Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .
Morgan Freeman  ( born June 1 , 1937 )  is an American actor , producer and narrator .
The Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  is an American media franchise and shared universe that is centered on a series of superhero films , independently produced by Marvel Studios and based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics .
His breakout role came in 1985 , joining the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd , for which he earned five Emmy Award nominations  ( one win )  .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Roald Dahl  (  [ langpronˈroʊ.əld   ˈdɑːl ]  ,  [ ˈɾuːɑl dɑl ]  ; 13 September 1916 -- 23 November 1990 )  was a British novelist , short story writer , poet , screenwriter , and fighter pilot .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
Thornton had his first break when he co-wrote and starred in the 1992 thriller One False Move , and came to international attention after writing , directing , and starring in the independent drama film Sling Blade  ( 1996 )  , for which he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
It is estimated that about a third of people develop shingles at some point in their life .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
It is bordered by Sierra Leone to its west , Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east .
The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers .
Born and raised in Bradford , Malik aspired to pursue a career in music from a young age leading him to audition as a solo artist for the British reality television music competition The X Factor in 2010 .
Bacall also worked on Broadway in musicals , earning Tony Awards for Applause  ( 1970 )  and Woman of the Year  ( 1981 )  .
Chastain made her Broadway debut in a revival of The Heiress in the same year .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
The film was directed by Harold Ramis and stars Brendan Fraser and Elizabeth Hurley .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
In 1968 , following a seven-year break from live performances , he returned to the stage in the acclaimed televised comeback special Elvis , which led to an extended Las Vegas concert residency and a string of highly profitable tours .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
It recounts the struggles of boxer `` Midge '' Kelly fighting his own demons while working to achieve success in the boxing ring .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
Gaga rose to prominence with the release of her successful debut album The Fame  ( 2008 )  and its international chart-topping singles `` Just Dance '' and `` Poker Face '' .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
Love Actually is a 2003 Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis .
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation .
However , Audi USA had used the slogan `` Truth in Engineering '' from 2007 to 2016 , and has not used the slogan since 2016 .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
After studying improv at Chicago 's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s , she went to New York City in 1996 to become part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Internally , popular agitation radicalised the Revolution significantly , culminating in the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins .
Hefner is a native of Chicago , Illinois and a former journalist for Esquire .
John II  ( Portuguese : João II ,  [ ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ ]  ; 3 March 1455 -- 25 October 1495 )  , the Perfect Prince  ( o Príncipe Perfeito )  , was the king of Portugal and the Algarves in 1477/1481 -- 1495 .
The series is set primarily in the West Wing of the White House , where the Oval Office and offices of presidential senior staff are located , during the fictitious Democratic administration of Josiah Bartlet  ( played by Martin Sheen )  .
Two of his albums , The Gambler and Kenny , are featured in the About.com poll of `` The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever '' .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
The Fifth Element  ( Le Cinquième Élément )  is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson .
Marton Csokas , Nick Kroll , and Michael Shannon are all featured in supporting roles .
Derrick Martell Rose  ( born October 4 , 1988 )  is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .
It stars Maisie Williams and Florence Pugh as best friends at an all-girls school .
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock  ( 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 )  was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' .
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field , at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket  ( a set of three wooden stumps )  at each end .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of fantasy films from Walden Media , based on The Chronicles of Narnia , a series of novels by C. S. Lewis .
Carol Leifer  (  [ ˈliːfər ]  ;
As more high-tech companies were established across the Santa Clara Valley , and then north towards the Bay Area 's two other major cities , San Francisco and Oakland , the `` Silicon Valley '' name eventually came to refer to all high-tech businesses in the region .
The club was founded in 1905 at the famous Crystal Palace Exhibition building by the owners of the FA Cup Final stadium which was situated inside its historic grounds .
He is known for playing Kane Jenkins in the New Zealand prime-time soap opera Shortland Street .
The series was produced by Southern Star Group and screened in Australia from 2001 to 2005 on Network Ten and on Channel 4 in the UK .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
In 2012 , The Source ranked him number two on their list of the `` Top 50 Lyricists of All Time '' .
Jeremy Allen White  ( born February 17 , 1991 )  is an American film and television actor .
The Leftovers is an American television drama series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta , airing on HBO .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
War of the Worlds is a 2005 American science fiction disaster film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp , loosely based on the novel of the same title by H. G. Wells .
Time magazine 's obituary of him noted that : `` His fans would remember him as the fellow who split talk show history into two eras : Before Paar and Below Paar . ''
The group debuted on August 1 , 2014 , with their digital single `` Happiness '' and with four members : Irene , Seulgi , Wendy and Joy .
Naughton was one-third of the R&B trio 3LW and is known for her acting roles in Fame , Notorious , where she played Lil ' Kim , and The Playboy Club .
A native of Seattle , Washington , Wilson began acting in college at the University of Washington , and later worked in theatre in New York City after graduating in 1986 .
Audrey Hepburn  (  [ ˈɔːdri ˈhɛpˌbɜrn ]  born Audrey Kathleen Ruston ; 4 May 1929 -- 20 January 1993 )  was a British actress , model , dancer and humanitarian .
Alphonse Gabriel Capone  (  [ æl kəˈpoʊn ]  January 17 , 1899 -- January 25 , 1947 )  , sometimes known by the nickname Scarface , was an American gangster who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss of the Chicago Outfit .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
He produced the 1973 movie The Sting , for which he shared the Academy Award for Best Picture with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
Amoxicillin also spelled amoxycillin , is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections .
He served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2011 .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
David Lawrence Angell  ( April 10 , 1946September 11 , 2001 )  was an American producer of sitcoms .
Johar made his directorial debut with the blockbuster romance Kuch Kuch Hota Hai  ( 1998 )  , which earned him the Filmfare Awards for Best Director and Best Screenplay .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
David Harbour  ( born April 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
Historically the KKK used terrorism , both physical assault and murder , against groups or individuals whom they opposed .
Harley Quinn  ( Harleen Frances Quinzel )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films , beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone  ( 2001 )  and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2  ( 2011 )  .
His performance as a drug-addicted teacher in Half Nelson  ( 2006 )  was nominated for an Academy Award and his performance as a socially inept loner in Lars and the Real Girl  ( 2007 )  was nominated for a Golden Globe Award .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
It stars Burt Lancaster , Susan Sarandon , Kate Reid , Robert Joy , Hollis McLaren , Michel Piccoli , and Al Waxman .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
Gabon  (  [ ɡəˈbɒn ]   [ ɡabɔ̃ ]  )  , officially the Gabonese Republic  ( République gabonaise )  , is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa .
Created and executive produced by Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij , the series is their third collaboration .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
An intelligence quotient  ( IQ )  is a total score derived from several standardized tests designed to assess human intelligence .
Kwon Ji-yong  ( ; born August 18 , 1988 )  , better known by his stage name G-Dragon , is a South Korean rapper , singer-songwriter , record producer , and fashion icon .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
Time magazine 's obituary of him noted that : `` His fans would remember him as the fellow who split talk show history into two eras : Before Paar and Below Paar . ''
During that time , he also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's science fiction thriller Minority Report  ( 2002 )  and as the villain Bullseye in the superhero film Daredevil  ( 2003 )  .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Prometheus entered production in April 2010 , with extensive design phases during which the technology and creatures that the film required were developed .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
Sunflower  ( I girasoli )  is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
Confessions has been certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  and , as of 2016 , has sold over 11 million copies in the US and over 20 million copies worldwide .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
A sequel to Velaiilla Pattadhari  ( 2014 )  , the film has Dhanush , Amala Paul , Saranya Ponvannan and Samuthirakani returning from the first film , other cast including Kajol .
He was the co-founder , chairman , and chief executive officer  ( CEO )  of Apple Inc. ; CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar ; a member of The Walt Disney Company 's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar ; and founder , chairman , and CEO of NeXT .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
John Cowan Hartford  ( December 30 , 1937 -- June 4 , 2001 )  was an American folk , country and bluegrass composer and musician known for his mastery of the fiddle and banjo , as well as for his witty lyrics , unique vocal style , and extensive knowledge of Mississippi River lore .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
The lyrics are by DuBose Heyward , the author of the novel Porgy on which the opera was based , although the song is also co-credited to Ira Gershwin by ASCAP .
The CPSU was the sole governing party of the Soviet Union until 1990 , when the Congress of People 's Deputies modified the article of the constitution , which had granted the CPSU a monopoly over the political system .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VIII -- The Last Jedi )  is an upcoming American epic space opera film written and directed by Rian Johnson .
The character is played by Danny Trejo .
He won several awards for his work on Family Guy , including two Primetime Emmy Awards and an Annie Award .
In 2015 , Tokyo was ranked as the 11th most expensive city for expatriates , according to the Mercer consulting firm , and also the world 's 11th most expensive city , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit 's cost-of-living survey .
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles .
Her solo albums and singles are all credited to the single name Wynonna .
Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country 's armed forces .
His poem `` September on Jessore Road , '' calling attention to the plight of Bangladeshi refugees , exemplifies what the literary critic Helen Vendler described as Ginsberg 's tireless persistence in protesting against `` imperial politics , and persecution of the powerless . ''
How I Met Your Mother  ( often abbreviated to HIMYM )  is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19 , 2005 to March 31 , 2014 .
Iceland  (  [ ˈaɪslənd ]   [ ˈistlant ]  )  is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic Ocean .
His portrayal of Dicky Eklund in the David O. Russell-directed biographical film The Fighter  ( 2010 )  , earned him critical acclaim and a number of awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
Jeffrey Nero Hardy  ( born August 31 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , singer-songwriter , painter and musician currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand , where he is one-half of the brand 's Tag Team Champions in his first reign .
The show originally aired on the AMC network for five seasons , from January 20 , 2008 , to September 29 , 2013 .
Beautiful is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Sally Field  ( in her feature film directorial debut )  , starring Minnie Driver , Joey Lauren Adams , Hallie Kate Eisenberg , Herta Ware , and Kathleen Turner .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol  ( Luchthaven Schiphol ,  [ ˈlʏxtˌɦaːvə  ( n )  ˌsxɪpˈɦɔl ]  )  is the main international airport of the Netherlands , located 9 km southwest of Amsterdam , in the municipality of Haarlemmermeer , province of North Holland .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Haim Saban  (  [ səˈbɑːn ]  חיים סבן born October 15 , 1944 )  is an Israeli-American media proprietor , investor , philanthropist , musician , record , film & television producer .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
Robin Charles Thicke  ( born March 10 , 1977 )  is an American singer , songwriter and record producer .
It was the third installment of the Matrix trilogy , released six months following The Matrix Reloaded .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
The film received positive reviews from critics and has grossed over $ 238 million worldwide , but created controversy with its portrayal of the National Transportation Safety Board  ( NTSB )  .
It also had great influence in England and France .
Stratford is a district of east London , England , within the London Borough of Newham .
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field , at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket  ( a set of three wooden stumps )  at each end .
Based on the non-fiction book The Honest Courtesan by Margaret Rosenthal , the film is about Veronica Franco , a courtesan in sixteenth-century Venice who becomes a hero to her city , but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the Church for witchcraft .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
Burundi  (  [ bəˈrʊndi ]  or  [ bəˈrʌndi ]  )  , officially the Republic of Burundi  ( Republika y' Uburundi ,  [ buˈɾundi ]  République du Burundi ,  [ buʁundi ]  or  [ byʁyndi ]  )  , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa , bordered by Rwanda to the north , Tanzania to the east and south , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
Tina Turner  ( born Anna Mae Bullock ; November 26 , 1939 )  , is an American-born recording artist , dancer , actress , and author , whose career has spanned more than half a century , earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards .
Thailand  (  [ ˈtaɪlænd ]  or  [ ˈtaɪlənd ]  ;  [ : wikt : ประเทศไทย , ประเทศไทย ]  , ,  [ pra.tʰêːt tʰaj ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Thailand  (  [ : wikt : ราชอาณาจักรไทย , ราชอาณาจักรไทย ]  ,  [ râːt.t͡ɕʰa.ʔaː.naː.t͡ɕàk tʰaj ]  )  , formerly known as Siam  (  [ : wikt : สยาม , สยาม ]  ,  [ sa.jǎːm ]  )  , is a country at the centre of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
`` Another One Bites the Dust '' is a 1980 song by British rock band Queen .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .
Anthony Charles Lynton Blair  ( born 6 May 1953 )  is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 .
Betty Lynn Buckley  ( born July 3 , 1947 )  is an American stage , film and television actress , and singer .
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson  ( December 10 , 1830 -- May 15 , 1886 )  was an American poet .
She was the youngest surviving child and only surviving daughter of Philip IV of France and Joan I of Navarre .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
Fifth Harmony is an American girl group formed on the second season of The X Factor US in July 2012 .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
After joining the National Youth Theatre and studying Drama and Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia , he became an actor in 2003 , performing in plays like Murder in the Cathedral , Fresh Kills , The History Boys , and On the Shore of the Wide World in London theatres .
One of the major stars of Hollywood 's Golden Age , Tracy was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two , sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
Joy received a theatrical release on December 25 , 2015 , distributed by 20th Century Fox .
fi
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2  ( The Unemployed Graduate 2 )  , popularly referred to as VIP 2 , is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language comedy-drama film directed by Soundarya Rajnikanth .
The release of the band 's third studio album , A Little Bit Longer  ( 2008 )  , helped the band achieve further success ; the album 's lead single hit the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Barbara Stanwyck  ( born Ruby Catherine Stevens ; July 16 , 1907 -- January 20 , 1990 )  was an American actress , model and dancer .
The World Bank Group  ( WBG )  is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries .
He had a recurring role on the drama series Girls and starred in the television series Family Tree .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed , written , and co-produced by Cameron Crowe .
He co-starred in The One  ( 2001 )  , The Forbidden Kingdom  ( 2008 )  with Jackie Chan , all three of The Expendables films with Sylvester Stallone , and as the title character villain in The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor  ( 2008 )  .
Created and executive produced by Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij , the series is their third collaboration .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  is a non-profit , non-partisan , non-violent volunteer citizens ' rights action group .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American biographical black comedy crime film directed by Martin Scorsese .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
The Meyerowitz Stories  ( New and Selected )  is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Noah Baumbach .
The Right Stuff stars Ed Harris , Scott Glenn , Sam Shepard , Fred Ward , Dennis Quaid and Barbara Hershey .
Often ranked the best player in the world and widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time , Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation , during its 100th anniversary celebrations in 2015 .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
30 Seconds to Mars is the debut studio album by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars .
Johnny Mnemonic is a 1995 Canadian-American cyberpunk action thriller film directed by Robert Longo in his directorial debut .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
Pablo Picasso  (  [ pɪˈkɑːsoʊ ,   - ˈkæsoʊ ]   [ ˈpaβlo piˈkaso ]  ; 25 October 1881 -- 8 April 1973 )  was a Spanish painter , sculptor , printmaker , ceramicist , stage designer , poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France .
His work is marked by lucid prose , awareness of social injustice , opposition to totalitarianism , and outspoken support of democratic socialism .
Stephanie Young Hwang  ( born August 1 , 1989 )  , known professionally as Tiffany or Tiffany Hwang , is an American singer based in South Korea .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Lauren Bacall  (  [ ˌlɔːrən bəˈkɔːl ]  , born Betty Joan Perske ; September 16 , 1924 -- August 12 , 2014 )  was an American actress and singer known for her distinctive voice and sultry looks .
The Great Debaters is a 2007 American biographical drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington .
Distributed by Summit Entertainment and Lionsgate Films , the series consists of four science fiction films set in a dystopian society .
Whiplash is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle , depicting the relationship between an ambitious jazz student  ( Miles Teller )  and an aggressive instructor  ( J. K. Simmons )  .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
Hubert Horatio Humphrey Jr.  ( May 27 , 1911January 13 , 1978 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th Vice President of the United States under President Lyndon B. Johnson from 1965 to 1969 .
He was known as the `` angry young man '' of Hollywood , clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship , racism , and war .
The original form , sometimes called the tabletop RPG , is conducted through discussion , whereas in live action role-playing games  ( LARP )  players physically perform their characters actions .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup .
With members Paul S. Denman , Andrew Hale , and Stuart Matthewman , she gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of the English band Sade .
Diego da Silva Costa  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ða ˈsilβa ˈkosta ]  ,  [ ˈdʒjeɡu dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈkɔstɐ ]  ; born 7 October 1988 )  , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
The Divergent Series : Allegiant is a 2016 American action adventure film directed by Robert Schwentke with a screenplay by Bill Collage , Adam Cooper , and Noah Oppenheim .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
Take Me High is a 1973 British feature film , directed by David Askey , written by Christopher Penfold and starring Cliff Richard in his final film role , with Deborah Watling , Hugh Griffith , George Cole and Anthony Andrews .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
In its purest form , it is a bright , slightly reddish yellow , dense , soft , malleable , and ductile metal .
The Right Stuff is a 1983 American epic historical drama film that was adapted from Tom Wolfe 's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy , Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base , California , as well as the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury , the first manned spaceflight by the United States .
In 2014 , Del Rey released her third studio album , Ultraviolence ; it became her first number-one album in the United States .
She is well known for her role as Dr. Remy `` Thirteen '' Hadley on the award-winning medical television series House  ( 2007 -- 12 )  and her roles in Alpha Dog  ( 2007 )  , Tron : Legacy  ( 2010 )  , Cowboys & Aliens  ( 2011 )  , Her  ( 2013 )  , Drinking Buddies  ( 2013 )  , and Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .
In the United States and United Kingdom it was known as Prisoner : Cell Block H , with the same title and Caged Women in Canada .
The Texas Longhorns men 's basketball team '' ' represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball competition .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
She is Head of the Commonwealth and Queen of 12 countries that have become independent since her accession : Jamaica , Barbados , the Bahamas , Grenada , Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands , Tuvalu , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Belize , Antigua and Barbuda , and Saint Kitts and Nevis .
George Dewey Cukor  (  [ ˈkjuːkər ]  July 7 , 1899 -- January 24 , 1983 )  was an American film director .
For his work Millar has been nominated for four Eisner Awards and two Eagle Awards , and in June 2013 he was recognized by Queen Elizabeth II as a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire for services to film and literature .
It is the sequel to the 1985 film Back to the Future and the second installment in the Back to the Future trilogy .
Barbados  (  [ bɑrˈbeɪdɒs ]  or  [ bɑrˈbeɪdoʊs ]  )  is a sovereign island country in the Lesser Antilles , in the Caribbean region of North America .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices  ( `` Remote Play '' )  , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely  ( `` Share Play '' )  .
It contains the geographic South Pole and is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere , almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle , and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean .
Michael Fassbender  ( born 2 April 1977 )  is a German-born Irish actor .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
The song features vocals from American rapper Ludacris .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
By 1933 , the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag , which led to Hitler 's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933 .
Elizabeth II  ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 )  has been Queen of the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and New Zealand since 6 February 1952 .
He has been described by pundits as a talented striker whose main attributes are his physicality , goalscoring and ability to keep possession .
The Georgia Institute of Technology  ( commonly referred to as Georgia Tech , Tech , or GT )  is a public research university in Atlanta , Georgia , in the United States .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues  ( 2015 )  , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters  ( 2016 )  .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
He is a prominent point of view character in the novels , and has been called one of the author 's `` finest creations '' and most popular characters by The New York Times .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
He is a supporter of PETA , Invisible Children and the Enough Project and has traveled to Chad , Uganda and eastern Congo to raise awareness about conflicts in the regions .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a 2002 American epic space opera film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales .
In 2014 , Evans made his directorial debut with the drama film Before We Go , in which he also starred .
Paper Moon is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and released by Paramount Pictures .
Gunday  ( English : Outlaws )  is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Aditya Chopra .
The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
On March 11 , 2016 , The CW renewed the series for a third season of 13 episodes , which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Malala Yousafzai  ( Malālah Yūsafzay :  [ ; ملاله یوسفزۍ  [ məˈlaːlə jusəf ˈzəj ]  born 12 July 1997 )  is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate .
Amy Lou Adams  ( born August 20 , 1974 )  is an American actress and singer .
Her first duties with the newly formed U.S. Navy were to provide protection for American merchant shipping during the Quasi-War with France and to defeat the Barbary pirates in the First Barbary War .
Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series The X-Files , ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies ' film The House of Mirth  ( 2000 )  , and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series The Fall .
In 2013 , he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and in 2016 reprised his role in Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
Saved is a play by Edward Bond which premiered at the Royal Court Theatre , London in November 1965 .
It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000 , to be replaced by a new comprehensive , Fairfield High School , at first on the same site , but now located in Stottbury Road , Bristol .
Herman Webster Mudgett  ( May 16 , 1861 -- May 7 , 1896 )  , better known under the name of Dr. Henry Howard Holmes or more commonly H. H. Holmes , was one of the first documented serial killers in the modern sense of the term .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
Joseph Michael Manganiello  (  [ ˌmæŋɡəˈnɛloʊ ]  ;  [ maŋɡaˈnjɛllo ]  ; born December 28 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , producer , author and philanthropist .
The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision  ( color by Technicolor )  , and released by Paramount Pictures .
Legion  ( David Charles Haller )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film directed by Tim Miller and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
Matthew Robert `` Matt '' Smith  ( born 28 October 1982 )  is an English actor .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
Peter Davison  ( born Peter Malcolm Gordon Moffett on 13 April 1951 )  is an English actor with many credits in television dramas and sitcoms .
Elizabeth was born in London as the elder child of the Duke and Duchess of York , later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth , and she was educated privately at home .
A co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
He was a musical innovator who was known for his eclectic work , flamboyant stage presence , extravagant dress and makeup , and wide vocal range .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
Johnson 's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002 .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
That 's So Raven is an American supernatural teen comedy sitcom television series .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
The film was directed by David Fincher , and stars Brad Pitt , Edward Norton and Helena Bonham Carter .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
The films star Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson , and Taylor Lautner .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
He is best known for playing the role of Tormund Giantsbane in the HBO fantasy series Game of Thrones .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
In Her Shoes is a 2005 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Jennifer Weiner .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
Leicester City Football Club  (  [ ˌlɛstər ˈsɪti ]  )  , also known as the Foxes , is an English professional football club based at the King Power Stadium in Leicester .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards  ( commonly referred to as Oscars )  in 24 categories .
It also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects .
The film stars Vanessa Redgrave , Christopher Reeve , Madeleine Potter and Jessica Tandy .
The film follows a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants over the course of an evening at a remote summer home .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
It is based on Antony Johnston and Sam Hart 's 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West .
It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar  ( Burma )  and Bangladesh to the east .
Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Pritchett 's family includes his second wife , her son and his stepson , as well as his two adult children and their spouses and children .
Matthew Gregory Kuchar  ( born June 21 , 1978 )  is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour .
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland  ( born 21 December 1966 )  is a British born Canadian actor , producer , director , and singer-songwriter .
Faith Renée Evans  ( born June 10 , 1973 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Prussia was a historical state originating out of the Duchy of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and centred on the region of Prussia .
Adam Richard Wiles  ( born 17 January 1984 )  , known professionally as Calvin Harris , is a Scottish record producer , DJ , singer and songwriter .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date .
In 2017 , Evans starred as Gaston in Disney 's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
Her most notable role is that of Dr. Camille Saroyan , head of the Forensic Division , in the forensic crime drama Bones .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Prometheus  (  [ prəˈmiːθiəs ]  )  is a 2012 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , Guy Pearce , Idris Elba , Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron .
Marie Antoinette  (  [ ˈmæriˌæntwəˈnɛt ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːntwə - ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːtwə - ]  ,  [ məˈriː - ]   [ maʁi ɑ̃twanɛt ]  ; born Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna  ( 2 November 1755 -- 16 October 1793 )  was the last Queen of France and Navarre before the French Revolution .
Evans began his career on the stage , performing in many of London 's West End productions such as Rent , Miss Saigon , and Piaf before getting his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake .
The Act of Congress which authorized the Liberty Bonds is still used today as the authority under which all U.S. Treasury bonds are issued .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
The Jacksons is an American variety show featuring the Jackson siblings  ( except for Jermaine , who was signed to Motown while the Jackson group was signed to the Epic/CBS record label )  .
 ( 1997 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , Wreck-It Ralph  ( 2012 )  , and A Million Ways to Die in the West  ( 2014 )  .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
Schindler 's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian .
On the day that Blair resigned as Prime Minister , he was appointed the official Special Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East , an office which he held until May 2015 .
George Walker Bush  ( born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 43rd President of the United States from 2001 to 2009 .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino .
` Pranab Kumar Mukherjee  ( born 11 December 1935 )  is the 13th and current President of India , he has been in office since July 2012 .
Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .
David Mazouz  (  [ dəˈviːd məˈzuːz ]  born February 19 , 2001 )  is an American actor .
Telling the story of four women who start a ghost-catching business in New York City , it is the third feature film in the Ghostbusters franchise and serves as a reboot to the previous films .
It is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Aleksandr Grigoryevich Lukashenko  ( Алякса́ндр Рыго́равіч Лукашэ́нка , Aliaksandr Ryhoravič Lukašenka , Алекса́ндр Григо́рьевич Лукаше́нко born 30 August 1954 )  is the President of Belarus , in office since 20 July 1994 .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and shot in the 70 mm Todd-AO format , with a screenplay adapted by Mankiewicz , Ranald MacDougall and Sidney Buchman from a book by Carlo Maria Franzero .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
The city is also a major rail , highway , and air-transport hub served by two international airports : Paris-Charles de Gaulle  ( the second busiest airport in Europe after London Heathrow Airport with 63.8 million passengers in 2014 )  and Paris-Orly .
He is the leader of a group of roughly 500 survivors in The Sanctuary , called the Saviors , a group that trades with others .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
He gained prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers/Cyclops in the X-Men film series and starred in 2006 's Superman Returns .
The screenplay was written by Jim Cash and Jack Epps , Jr. , and was inspired by an article titled `` Top Guns '' published in California magazine three years earlier .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
The only alpha world city in Malaysia , it covers an area of 243 km2 and has an estimated population of 1.73 million .
Disney was a heavy smoker throughout his life , and died of lung cancer in December 1966 before either the park or the EPCOT project were completed .
Marta Fran Kauffman  ( born September 21 , 1956 )  is an American writer and TV producer , best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom Friends , alongside David Crane .
The film was released on June 27 , 2014 , in IMAX and 3D .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
He became famous as a child actor for his role as Kevin McCallister in the family comedy Home Alone  ( 1990 )  and its sequel Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York  ( 1992 )  .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
As a former IAS officer and he served as Secretary to the President of India and as High Commissioner to South Africa and Sri Lanka , among other administrative and diplomatic posts .
The song was serviced to mainstream radios on January 23 , 2007 and to Rhythmic radios on February 20 , 2007 in the United States , through A&M Records , together with will.i.am Music Group and Interscope Records .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
The four original 1215 charters were displayed together at the British Library for one day , 3 February 2015 , to mark the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta .
During its brief flyby , New Horizons made detailed measurements and observations of Pluto and its moons .
He has appeared in many successful movies , including Brainstorm  ( 2001 )  , Carandiru  ( 2003 )  , Love Actually  ( 2003 )  , Che  ( 2008 )  , I Love You Phillip Morris  ( 2009 )  , and Rio  ( 2011 )  .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Isaac Liev Schreiber  (  [ ˈliː.ɛv ]  born October 4 , 1967 )  , better known as Liev Schreiber , is an American actor , director , screenwriter , and producer .
The series is a reboot of the popular 1997 TV series La Femme Nikita  ( itself based on the 1990 Luc Besson film Nikita )  .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
The Jacksons is an American variety show featuring the Jackson siblings  ( except for Jermaine , who was signed to Motown while the Jackson group was signed to the Epic/CBS record label )  .
The film is the first installment in The Divergent Series and was produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian , and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Evan Daugherty and Vanessa Taylor .
He was born in rural Narrows , Georgia .
He is known for re-establishing the power of the Portuguese throne , reinvigorating the Portuguese economy , and renewing his country 's exploration of Africa and the Orient .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
Laurence John Fishburne III  ( born July 30 , 1961 )  is an American actor , playwright , director and producer , best known for playing Morpheus in The Matrix trilogy , Jason `` Furious '' Styles in the 1991 drama film Boyz n the Hood and Tyrone `` Mr. Clean '' Miller in the 1979 war film Apocalypse Now .
The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in Oakland , California .
Premiering on November 6 , 2001 , the show spanned 192 episodes over eight seasons ; the series finale broadcast on May 24 , 2010 .
Joseph Robinette Biden Jr.  (  [ ˈdʒoʊsᵻf rɒbᵻˈnɛt ˈbaɪdən ]  born November 20 , 1942 )  is an American politician who was the 47th Vice President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 , having been jointly elected twice with President Barack Obama .
Into the Woods is a 2014 American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall , and adapted to the screen by James Lapine from his and Stephen Sondheim 's Broadway musical of the same name .
The 1998 NFL draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
The airline along with its subsidiaries and regional affiliates operate over 5,400 flights daily and serve an extensive domestic and international network that includes 319 destinations in 54 countries on six continents , as of October 2016 .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
`` Nosedive '' is the first episode of the third series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror .
John Wick : Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Rumours , Fleetwood Mac 's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham , was the best-selling album of the year of its release , and to date , has made sales of over 40 million copies worldwide , making it the fifth-highest selling studio album of all time .
The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
Reeves is best known for his acting career , beginning in 1985 and spanning more than three decades .
Based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Ray Bradbury , the film takes place in a controlled society in an oppressive future in which a fireman , whose duty it is to burn all literature , becomes a fugitive for reading .
His third album , Thr33 Ringz , was released in 2008 .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
She was the second black woman in the history of the Academy Awards to win an acting Oscar .
Parts in smaller-scale features were followed by a decrease in workload , during which she returned to stage and portrayed an ageing actress in A Little Night Music  ( 2009 )  , winning a Tony Award .
Perth is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia .
Helen Folasade Adu , OBE  ( Fọláṣadé Adú  [ fɔ̄láʃādé ādú ]  born 16 January 1959 )  , known professionally as Sade Adu or simply Sade  (  [ ʃɑːˈdeɪ ]  )  , is a Nigerian-born British singer-songwriter , composer , arranger , and record producer .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
Davidson used literary , historical and archaeological evidence to discuss the stories and customs of Northern Europe .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
She made her film debut in Mumford  ( 1999 )  , followed by her supporting role in Cameron Crowe 's semi-autobiographical picture Almost Famous  ( 2000 )  .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
is a Japanese animation studio and production enterprise .
Brazil  ( listen )  , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America .
Montreal  (  [ audio = Montreal-English-pronunciation .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
In international football , he was capped 37 times and scored nine goals between 1964 and 1977 , although a combination of the team 's performance and his lack of fitness in 1982 meant that he never played in the finals of a European Championship or World Cup .
Tyra Lynne Banks  ( born December 4 , 1973 )  is an American television personality , producer , businesswoman , actress , author , former model and occasional singer .
Rodriguez also branched into television , playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost .
After various modeling work , he made his acting debut as Leo du Pres on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and later starred as Danny McCoy on NBC 's Las Vegas .
Witherspoon owns a production company , Pacific Standard , and she is actively involved in children 's and women 's advocacy organizations .
The group consists of founders Dave Gahan  ( lead vocals , occasional songwriter since 2005 )  , Martin Gore  ( guitar , keyboards , vocals , main songwriter since 1982 )  , and Andy Fletcher  ( keyboards , bass guitar )  .
The series stars Fey with a supporting cast that includes Alec Baldwin , Tracy Morgan , Jane Krakowski , Jack McBrayer , Scott Adsit , Judah Friedlander , Katrina Bowden , Keith Powell , Lonny Ross , John Lutz , Sue Galloway , Kevin Brown , Grizz Chapman , Maulik Pancholy , and Rachel Dratch .
He attained the rank of field marshal .
It depicts in the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins , who fight for peace with free will , and the Templars , who desire peace through control .
Michael Shawn Hickenbottom  ( born July 22 , 1965 )  , better known by his ring name Shawn Michaels , is an American actor , professional wrestling personality , television presenter and retired professional wrestler .
The Panic in Needle Park is a 1971 American romantic drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Al Pacino , in his second film appearance .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
`` Heartlight '' is a song written by Neil Diamond , Carole Bayer Sager and her then-husband Burt Bacharach , and recorded by Diamond in 1982 .
50 Cent was ranked the sixth-best artist of the 2000s and the third-best rapper  ( behind Eminem and Nelly )  by Billboard .
The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington , D.C. Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election , though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment .
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale  ( born 26 July 1973 )  is an English actress .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
She is known for her roles in low-budget arthouse and independent films to large-scale Hollywood productions .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
The Craft is a 1996 American supernatural horror film directed by Andrew Fleming and starring Robin Tunney , Fairuza Balk , Neve Campbell , and Rachel True .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Karan Johar  ( born 25 May 1972 )  , often informally referred to as KJo , is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter , costume designer , actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films .
Helen Elizabeth Hunt  ( born June 15 , 1963 )  is an American actress , director , and screenwriter .
Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström  ( born 19 October 1983 )  , known professionally as Rebecca Ferguson , is a Swedish actress .
Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba ,  (  [ ˈɪdrᵻs ˈɛlbə ]  born 6 September 1972 )  is an English actor , musician , and DJ .
This was later surpassed by her second studio effort , Revival  ( 2015 )  , which sold 117,000 units in its first week .
They mandated de jure racial segregation in all public facilities in the states of the former Confederate States of America , starting in 1890 with a `` separate but equal '' status for African Americans in railroad cars .
Russia  (  [ ˈrʌʃə ]   [ Россия , Rossiya , rɐˈsʲijə ]  )  , also officially the Russian Federation  (  [ Российская Федерация , r = Rossiyskaya Federatsiya , p = rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ]  )  , is a country in Eurasia .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
He holds both American and Canadian citizenships .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Notable films include The Trap  ( 1966 )  , Oliver !
South Korea , officially the Republic of Korea  ( ROK ; )  , is a sovereign state in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula .
Bush was born in Milton , Massachusetts , to Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush .
Uzbekistan 's economy relies mainly on commodity production , including cotton , gold , uranium , and natural gas .
Born in McComb , Mississippi , and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997 .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael and starring Jared Leto , Sarah Polley , Diane Kruger , Linh Dan Pham , Rhys Ifans , Natasha Little , Toby Regbo and Juno Temple .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
28 Days is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Betty Thomas .
Portrayed by Billy Eichner , Craig began making recurring appearances during the sixth season before being promoted to a main character midway through season seven , which would become the show 's final season .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman  ( 21 February 1946 -- 14 January 2016 )  was an English actor and director known for playing a variety of roles on stage and on screen .
Many 737s serve markets previously filled by 707 , 727 , 757 , DC-9 , and MD-80 / MD-90 airliners , and the aircraft currently competes primarily with the Airbus A320 family .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
He was known for his leading role as a peace-loving Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , in the 1970s television series Kung Fu .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia , making it the world 's most populated inland city .
Popeye is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Robert Altman .
Wayne gained more prominence with his sixth album Tha Carter III  ( 2008 )  , which became his most successful album to date , with first-week sales of over one million copies in the United States .
Alfre Woodard  ( born November 8 , 1952 )  is an American film , stage , and television actress , producer , and political activist .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
She has had an extensive , varied career in stage , film and television spanning over sixty-five years .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
It premiered on August 11 , 1991 as one of the original three Nicktoons , along with Rugrats and Doug .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
The island 's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain , with several navigable rivers extending inland .
Amazon.com  (  [ ˈæməzɒn ]  or  [ ˈæməzən ]  )  , also called Amazon , is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company that was founded on July 5 , 1994 , by Jeff Bezos and is based in Seattle , Washington .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
Disinvestment  ( or divestment )  from South Africa was first advocated in the 1960s , in protest of South Africa 's system of apartheid , but was not implemented on a significant scale until the mid-1980s .
The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Many scholars consider his views to be more in line with social democracy and New Deal-era American progressivism than democratic socialism .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Bermuda  (  [ pronbərˈmjuːdə ]  )  is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean .
It contains the geographic South Pole and is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere , almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle , and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Announced in May 2013 , it is the successor to Xbox 360 and the third console in the Xbox family .
The Ozarks , also referred to as the Ozark Mountains , Ozarks Mountain Country , and the Ozark Plateau , is a physiographic and geologic highland region of the central United States , primarily in Arkansas , Missouri , and Oklahoma .
It follows the adventures of a boy named Finn  ( voiced by Jeremy Shada )  and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake  ( John DiMaggio )  a dog with the magical power to change shape and size at will .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
New York 's higher education network comprises approximately 200 colleges and universities , including Columbia University , Cornell University , New York University , and Rockefeller University , which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world .
The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Elbe , one of the first known recipients of sex reassignment surgery , Alicia Vikander as Wegener , Ben Whishaw as Henrik , Sebastian Koch as Dr. Kurt Warnekros , Amber Heard as Ulla Paulson and Matthias Schoenaerts as Hans Axgil .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
At the 2012 Sundance Film Festival , DuVernay won the Best Director Prize for her second feature film Middle of Nowhere , becoming the first African-American woman to win the award .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to treat major depression , which it received in 1998 , and is prescribed off-label for other conditions .
It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season , and has remained there since .
It was released on November 10 , 2014 , by Island Records .
Production began in Germany in September 2007 , and the film opened in limited release on December 10 , 2008 .
Iran is a major regional and middle power , and its large reserves of fossil fuels -- which include the largest natural gas supply in the world and the fourth-largest proven oil reserves -- exert considerable influence in international energy security and the world economy .
Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of parliament and government .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
Three Days of the Condor  ( stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor )  is a 1975 American political thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
Worcester is located approximately 40 mi west of Boston , 50 mi east of Springfield and 40 mi north of Providence .
From 2003 to 2007 , Romney was First Lady of Massachusetts , while her husband served as Governor .
As Roman Reigns , he made his main roster debut in November 2012 alongside Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins as The Shield .
His work in the duo has produced six studio albums .
He graduated from West Point in 1915 and later married Mamie Doud , with whom he had two sons .
She starred in How the West Was Won  ( 1963 )  , and The Unsinkable Molly Brown  ( 1964 )  , a biographical film about the famously boisterous Molly Brown .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
The Vietnam War  ( Chiến tranh Việt Nam )  , also known as the Second Indochina War , and known in Vietnam as Resistance War Against America  ( Kháng chiến chống Mỹ )  or simply the American War , was a war that occurred in Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia from 1 November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975 .
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx , the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry .
Although critics on the right denounced him as a communist terrorist and those on the radical left deemed him too eager to negotiate and reconcile with apartheid 's supporters , he gained international acclaim for his activism .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
The North Vietnamese army was supported by the Soviet Union , China and other communist allies and the South Vietnamese army was supported by the United States , South Korea , Australia , Thailand and other anti-communist allies .
Murder on the Orient Express is an upcoming British-American mystery film directed by Kenneth Branagh .
Over the years the band has had various line-ups , the only constant being vocalist Tyla .
Among Japan 's largest and most famous studios , Sunrise is renowned for several critically lauded and popular original anime series , such as Gundam , Cowboy Bebop , Space Runaway Ideon , Armored Trooper Votoms , Yoroiden Samurai Troopers , Future GPX Cyber Formula , Crush Gear Turbo , The Vision of Escaflowne , Love Live School Idol Project , Witch Hunter Robin , My-HiME , My-Otome , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion , Tiger & Bunny , Cross Ange : Rondo of Angel and Dragon , as well as its numerous adaptations of acclaimed light novels including Dirty Pair , Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere and Accel World , and manga such as City Hunter , InuYasha , Outlaw Star , Yakitate !!
It stars Gary Oldman , Joan Allen , Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater .
The film was produced by Tollywood studio Arka Media Works .
The domestic dog  ( Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris )  is a member of genus Canis  ( canines )  that forms part of the wolf-like canids , and is the most widely abundant carnivore .
The Odyssey was written in a poetic dialect of Greek -- a literary amalgam of Aeolic Greek , Ionic Greek , and other Ancient Greek dialects -- and comprises 12,110 lines of dactylic hexameter .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
Park Soo-young  ( born September 3 , 1996 )  , known by the stage name Joy , is a South Korean singer and actress .
The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
Julie Frances Christie  ( born 14 April 1940 )  is an English actress .
T-Pain is the founder of the record label imprint Nappy Boy Entertainment , established in 2005 .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands .
The Prince of Egypt is a 1998 American animated epic musical drama film and the first traditional animated film produced and released by DreamWorks .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
Its name is commonly pronounced as `` seven oh seven '' .
Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British biographical film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman  ( born 6 September 1974 )  is a retired English professional tennis player .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Nicknamed `` The Mailman '' , Malone played the power forward position and spent his first 18 seasons  ( 1985 -- 2003 )  in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  with the Utah Jazz and formed a formidable duo with his teammate John Stockton .
Steel is a 1997 American superhero action film based on the DC Comics character Steel .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
The series premiered on The CW on September 10 , 2009 and concluded on March 10 , 2017 , airing 171 episodes over eight seasons .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
The band consists of four animated members : 2-D  ( lead vocals , keyboards )  , Murdoc Niccals  ( bass guitar )  , Noodle  ( guitar , keyboards )  and Russel Hobbs  ( drums and percussion )  .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
He has joined The Fast and the Furious franchise since 2015 , having starred in Furious 7 and The Fate of the Furious .
The province includes the island of Bali and a few smaller neighbouring islands , notably Nusa Penida , Nusa Lembongan , and Nusa Ceningan .
The popularity of superheroes waned following the war and the Captain America comic book was discontinued in 1950 , with a short-lived revival in 1953 .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
Limbu is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in Nepal , India Darjeeling , Kalimpong , Sikkim , Assam , and Nagaland )  , Bhutan , Burma , Thailand , the United Kingdom , Hong Kong , Canada , and the USA .
She was born in Skopje  ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia )  , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis `` Bad '' Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show  ( 1971 )  , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot  ( 1974 )  , Starman  ( 1984 )  , The Contender  ( 2000 )  , True Grit  ( 2010 )  , and Hell or High Water  ( 2016 )  .
For reprising the role in the spinoff film In the Loop , Capaldi was honoured with several film critic award nominations for Best Supporting Actor .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
Emma Thompson  ( born 15 April 1959 )  is a British actress , activist , author , comedienne and screenwriter .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
The Boston Latin School is a public `` exam school '' in Boston , Massachusetts .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
The Killing Joke provides an origin story for the supervillain the Joker , loosely adapted from the 1951 story arc `` The Man Behind the Red Hood ! ''
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
George VI  ( Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 -- 6 February 1952 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death .
Daddy Yankee 's album Barrio Fino made history when it became the top selling Latin music album of the decade between 2000-2009 .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
One of the greatest commanders in history , his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
It was released on October 27 , 2014 by Astralwerks .
Liverpool Football Club  (  [ ˈlɪvərpuːl ]  )  is a professional association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
Mankatha released on 31 August 2011 worldwide to generally positive reviews and grossed the second biggest opening of all time after Endhiran at the time of release .
John Woo SBS  ( Ng Yu-Sum ; born 1 May 1946 )  is a Chinese-born Hong Kong film director , writer , and producer .
His style was influenced by gospel music , country music , and rhythm and blues acts , and he performed in Lubbock with his friends from high school .
From a prominent political family , he is the eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush , the 41st President of the United States , making him only the second president to assume the nation 's highest office after his father , following the lead of John Quincy Adams .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Called the `` King of Pop '' , his contributions to music , dance , and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational conglomerate created in a corporate restructuring on October 2 , 2015 .
The film was released on February 8 , 1968 , in the United States and was a commercial success , earning a lifetime domestic gross of $ 32.6 million .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Drogo is a khal , a leader of the Dothraki , a tribe of warriors who roam the continent of Essos .
It has an area of 105 km2 and a population of 2,229,621 in 2013 within its administrative limits .
Mankatha is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language black comedy action-heist film , written and directed by Venkat Prabhu .
It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , shortened Hogwarts , is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Directed by John Frankenheimer , it stars Burt Lancaster , Kirk Douglas , Fredric March , and Ava Gardner .
The film stars Ed Speleers in the title role as well as Jeremy Irons , Garrett Hedlund , Sienna Guillory , Robert Carlyle , John Malkovich , Djimon Hounsou , Alun Armstrong and Joss Stone , with Rachel Weisz as the voice of Saphira the dragon .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
Persuasion is a 2007 British television film adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel Persuasion .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
It stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston , Samuel L. Jackson , John Goodman , Brie Larson , Jing Tian , Toby Kebbell , John Ortiz , Corey Hawkins , Jason Mitchell , Shea Whigham , Thomas Mann , Terry Notary and John C. Reilly .
Steven Knight  ( born 1959 )  is a British screenwriter and film director .
The screenplay by Terence Winter is adapted from the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort and recounts Belfort 's perspective on his career as a stockbroker in New York City and how his firm Stratton Oakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to his downfall .
Young has also appeared in film in acting roles and cameo appearances and has appeared in several television programs .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
Charles II  ( 29 May 1630 -- 6 February 1685 )  was king of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Bernard Lawrence `` Bernie '' Madoff  (  [ ˈmeɪdɒf ]  born April 29 , 1938 )  is an American fraudster and a former stockbroker , investment advisor , and financier .
Open today for pilgrims , the site venerates the original pavonazzo marble monument placed there by Emperor Constantine , and was used in early medieval times to house the skull of St. Peter
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
In recent years , he has contributed to The Players ' Tribune as both a photographer and writer .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
Lance Edward Armstrong  ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 )  is an American former professional road racing cyclist .
Her Amazonian training helped to develop a wide range of extraordinary skills in strategy , hunting , and combat .
Irwin Allen Ginsberg  (  [ ˈɡɪnzbərɡ ]  June 3 , 1926 -- April 5 , 1997 )  was an American poet of Jewish origin , and one of the leading figures of both the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the counterculture that soon would follow .
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is intended to be the eighteenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
The company 's first film was The Assassination of Richard Nixon  ( 2004 )  .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
Paul Labile Pogba  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team .
A dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire-spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world .
The Evil Queen , also known as the Wicked Queen or just the Queen , and sometimes instead identified by her given name as Queen Grimhilde , is the primary antagonist in Disney 's 1937 animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and a villain character in the extended Disney 's Snow White franchise .
Lance Edward Armstrong  ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 )  is an American former professional road racing cyclist .
Lahore  (  [ lə ` hɔər ]  )   (  [ ,  [ )  is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab .
The 79th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , honored the best films of 2006 and took place February 25 , 2007 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. .
Yeh Dillagi  ( English : This Romance )  is a 1994 Bollywood romantic film , produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Naresh Malhotra under the banner of Yash Raj Films .
Janet Damita Jo Jackson  ( born May 16 , 1966 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer and actress .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth .
Stephen Robert Irwin  ( 22 February 1962 -- 4 September 2006 )  , nicknamed `` The Crocodile Hunter '' , was an Australian nature expert and television personality .
The Ethiopian Highlands are Africa 's largest continuous mountain ranges , and Sof Omar Caves contain Africa 's largest cave .
xXx : Return of Xander Cage  ( released as xXx : Reactivated in some countries )  is a 2017 American action film directed by D. J. Caruso and written by F. Scott Frazier .
Google Home is a smart speaker developed by Google .
It was released on December 27 , 2005 , by J Records .
25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele .
It also occurs in nature as snow , glaciers , ice packs and icebergs , clouds , fog , dew , aquifers , and atmospheric humidity .
O'Dowd created and starred in the Sky 1 television series Moone Boy , which aired between 2012 and 2015 .
Broadcast on HBO , The Night Of premiered on July 10 , 2016 to critical acclaim .
Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW  ( 1999 -- 2007 )  and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls  ( 2003 -- 2008 )  .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Lee Majors  ( born Harvey Lee Yeary ; April 23 , 1939 )  is an American film , television and voice actor .
Sean John Combs  ( born November 4 , 1969 )  , also known by his stage names Puff Daddy , Puffy , P. Diddy and Diddy , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , actor , record producer and entrepreneur .
As of November 2016 , Gomez is the most-followed Instagram user in the world .
Developed by Elizabeth Meriwether under the working title Chicks & Dicks , the series revolves around a kooky teacher Jess  ( Zooey Deschanel )  after she moves into a Los Angeles loft with three men , Nick  ( Jake Johnson )  , Schmidt  ( Max Greenfield )  , and Winston  ( Lamorne Morris )  ; Jess ' best friend Cece  ( Hannah Simone )  and on-again-off-again loft mate Coach  ( Damon Wayans Jr. )  also appear regularly .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory .
Victoria Leigh Blum  ( born October 15 , 1955 )  , known by the stage name Tanya Roberts , is an American actress and producer .
Frederick Aaron `` Fred '' Savage  ( born July 9 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Brando was also an activist for many causes , notably the Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements .
He failed , walked out , and founded a third party , the Progressive , so-called `` Bull Moose '' Party , which called for wide-ranging progressive reforms .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent adventure drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant , loosely based on Shakespeare 's Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V , and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
The Walt Disney Company , commonly known as Disney , is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
She rose to fame for her role as The Girl in the romantic comedy My Sassy Girl  ( 2001 )  , one of the highest-grossing Korean comedies of all time .
Thicke has worked with several artists , such as Christina Aguilera , Nicki Minaj , K. Michelle , Pharrell Williams , Usher , Jennifer Hudson , Flo Rida , Brandy , Kid Cudi and Mary J. Blige , among others .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Cersei is a member of House Lannister , one of the wealthiest and most powerful families in the kingdom of Westeros .
Kajal Aggarwal  ( born 19 June 1985 )  is an Indian film actress and model .
All the Pretty Horses is a 2000 American romance western film produced and directed by Billy Bob Thornton , and based on Cormac McCarthy 's novel of the same name .
The song serves as the lead single to the album , and was released worldwide on March 29 , 2007 through Def Jam Recordings .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Zooey Claire Deschanel  (  [ ˈzoʊi ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl ]  born January 17 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
oggˈlɪnəks ]  or , less frequently ,  [ ˈlaɪnəks ]  )  is a Unix-like computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open-source software development and distribution .
The film was released on VHS and DVD on November 12 , 2002 and was later released on Blu-ray on September 16 , 2011 .
On 15 November 2014 , he reached a career peak of number two on The Rings pound for pound list .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
The Secret Life of Us is a three-time silver Logie Award-winning Australian television drama series set in the beachside suburb of St Kilda , Melbourne , Australia .
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung  (  [ ˈmaʊ dzəˈdʊŋ ,   zə - ,   - dɒŋ ]  December 26 , 1893September 9 , 1976 )  , also known as Chairman Mao , was a Chinese communist revolutionary and founding father of the People 's Republic of China , which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 , until his death in 1976 .
The film had three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Picture .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
David LeRoy Anderson is an American makeup artist who has won two Academy Awards for Best Makeup , first was at the 69th Academy Awards for the film The Nutty Professor , then the following year at the 70th Academy Awards for Men in Black .
Batman  ( often promoted as Batman : The Movie )  is a 1966 American superhero film based on the Batman television series , and the first full-length theatrical adaptation of the DC Comics character Batman .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
Authorities within the United States have also accused al-Baghdadi of kidnapping , enslaving , and repeatedly raping an American citizen , Kayla Mueller , who was later killed .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
Disinvestment  ( or divestment )  from South Africa was first advocated in the 1960s , in protest of South Africa 's system of apartheid , but was not implemented on a significant scale until the mid-1980s .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
Leary was the star and co-creator of Rescue Me , which ended its seventh and final season on September 7 , 2011 .
He previously went by the name Arab Attack , but changed it after the 9/11 attacks , as he did not want to appear insensitive .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
In 1990 , she rose to fame with the release of `` Vision of Love '' from her eponymous debut album .
The film is directed by Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg from a script by Jeff Nathanson , with Jerry Bruckheimer serving again as producer .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
The third installment , The Divergent Series : Allegiant  ( 2016 )  , grossed $ 179 million .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
The Taj Mahal attracts 7 -- 8 million visitors a year .
Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi  (  [ ˈmoʊ.əmɑr   ɡəˈdɑːfi ]  ; 20 October 2011 )  , commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi , was a Libyan revolutionary , politician , and political theorist .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
The film stars Daniel Radcliffe , Toni Collette , Tracy Letts , Nestor Carbonell , and Sam Trammell .
The Isle of Man  (  [ ˈmæn ]  Mannin  [ ˈmanɪn ]  or Ellan Vannin  [ ˈɛlʲən ˈvanɪn ]  )  , also known simply as Mann , is a self-governing crown dependency in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael and starring Jared Leto , Sarah Polley , Diane Kruger , Linh Dan Pham , Rhys Ifans , Natasha Little , Toby Regbo and Juno Temple .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Today , Italy has the third largest economy in the Eurozone and the eighth largest in the world .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy drama film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness , based on his novel of the same name .
Louise Simonson  ( born Mary Louise Alexander ; born September 26 , 1946 )  is an American comic book writer and editor .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
At age 23 in 1905 , he married Eleanor Roosevelt , and the couple went on to have six children .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
George Dewey Cukor  (  [ ˈkjuːkər ]  July 7 , 1899 -- January 24 , 1983 )  was an American film director .
Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a 2002 American epic space opera film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales .
The two-minute short film revolves around one larger and one smaller desk lamp .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
Three Days of the Condor  ( stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor )  is a 1975 American political thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow .
Throughout his WWE career , Cena has won 25 championships , with 16 reigns as a world champion  ( 13 times as WWE Champion and three times as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , an accomplishment only previously achieved by WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair .
Mediterranean cuisine represents the foods and methods of preparation by people of the Mediterranean Basin region , primarily as it pertains to Southern Europe .
It is one of the constituents of Nikkei 225 and is the world 's largest piano manufacturing company .
`` Calling All the Monsters '' is a song performed by American pop recording artist China Anne McClain .
The song was written by Fernando Garibay , Sheppard Solomon and Ralph McCarthy , and produced by Garibay with additional production by Solomon .
He is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era , as well as being viewed as one of the most popular directors and producers in film history .
He was known for his leading role as a peace-loving Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , in the 1970s television series Kung Fu .
He is best known for directing the 2011 film Bridesmaids , featuring Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy and the 2016 film Ghostbusters also starring Wiig and McCarthy .
Directed by Zack Snyder and distributed by Warner Bros. .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 .
The original series , Scooby-Doo , Where Are You !
He is well known for his Hollywood action roles , including boxer Rocky Balboa , the title character of the Rocky series ' seven films from 1976 to 2015 ; soldier John Rambo from the four Rambo films , released between 1982 and 2008 ; and Barney Ross in the three The Expendables films from 2010 to 2014 .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
He completed one year of an engineering program at Montreal 's École Polytechnique before quitting in 2003 .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
He is the elder son of the late Dhirubhai Ambani and Kokilaben Ambani and the brother of Anil Ambani .
Following that he released his second studio album Wolf , which was met with generally positive reviews and debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 selling 90,000 copies in its first week .
In his career as a member of One Direction , Horan co-wrote many songs , beginning with `` Taken '' , `` Everything About You '' , `` Same Mistakes '' , `` Back for You '' and `` Summer Love '' from their debut albums Up All Night and Take Me Home .
He then played Detective John Amsterdam in the short-lived Fox television series New Amsterdam  ( 2008 )  , as well as appearing as Frank Pike in the 2009 Fox television film Virtuality , originally intended as a pilot .
Elizabeth Woolridge Grant  ( born June 21 , 1985 )  , better known by her stage name Lana Del Rey , is an American singer , songwriter , and model .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
He also created the comic series Seven Brothers , published by Virgin Comics .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
She was known for her screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street , Splendor in the Grass , Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers , and West Side Story .
The film grossed over $ 1.104 billion worldwide , making it the highest-grossing film of 2014 , the second highest-grossing film in the Transformers series , the 19th film to gross over $ 1 billion , and the 16th highest-grossing film of all time .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
The body consists of the Canadian monarch , represented by a viceroy , the governor general ; an upper house : the Senate ; and a lower house : the House of Commons .
Empathy is the capacity to understand or feel what another person is experiencing from within the other person 's frame of reference , i.e. , the capacity to place oneself in another 's position .
The ensemble cast stars Milo Ventimiglia , Mandy Moore , Sterling K. Brown , Chrissy Metz , Justin Hartley , Susan Kelechi Watson , Chris Sullivan , and Ron Cephas Jones .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson  [ reɪn ˈdiːtrɪk ˈwɪlsən ]   ( born January 20 , 1966 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , director , and producer .
The Facebook website was launched on February 4 , 2004 , by Mark Zuckerberg , along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates , Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was played between Leicester City , in their third final appearance in four years , and First Division side Tranmere Rovers at the Wembley Stadium on 27 February 2000 .
Quentin Jerome Tarantino  (  [ ˌtærənˈtiːnoʊ ]  born March 27 , 1963 )  is an American director , writer , and actor .
Prior to marrying Paul , she was a professional photographer of celebrities and contemporary musicians , with her work published in music industry magazines .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Never Go Back is the eighteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child .
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes  (  [ ˈfaɪnz ]  born 27 May 1970 )  is an English film and stage actor .
Lipstick Waale Sapne  ( English : Lipstick Under My Burkha )  is an Indian film made in Hindi .
Taylor Swift is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift , released on October 24 , 2006 , by Big Machine Records .
The film tells the life story of Nemo Nobody , a 118-year-old man who is the last mortal on Earth after the human race has achieved quasi-immortality .
Through the Revolutionary Wars , it unleashed a wave of global conflicts that extended from the Caribbean to the Middle East .
In addition to her many films , Parker enjoyed great popularity for her lead role on Showtime 's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin , for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006 .
`` Everybody Needs a Best Friend '' is a song from the 2012 feature film Ted , with music composed by Walter Murphy and lyrics by Seth MacFarlane .
It features a preeminent cast including Marlon Brando , George C. Scott , John Gielgud , and Marthe Keller .
He began his career in college as a joke writer , stand up comedian , and playwright and , while still in college , was a staff writer for Laverne & Shirley -- making him  ( at the time )  the youngest member of the Writers Guild of America .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
This is the band 's first studio album since 2011 's I 'm with You .
Rickman trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London , and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company , performing in modern and classical theatre productions .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
He has subsequently earned Best Actor nominations for portraying musician Johnny Cash in the biopic Walk the Line  ( 2005 )  and for his role as Freddie Quell , a sex-obsessed alcoholic World War II veteran in the drama film The Master  ( 2012 )  , the latter winning him the Volpi Cup for Best Actor .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s , the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and has become one of the wealthiest in the world .
Sarah Kate Silverman  ( born December 1 , 1970 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer .
It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name but includes contributions by William Goldman .
The film stars James Fox as a violent and ambitious London gangster who , after carrying out an unordered killing , goes into hiding at the home of a reclusive rock star  ( Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones , in his film acting debut )  .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
The National Security Agency  ( NSA )  is a military intelligence organization and a constituent of the United States Department of Defense  ( DOD )  .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
He is the son of Chuck Wackerman , an educator in the Los Alamitos California Unified School District .
In 1956 , the Hyderabad state was dissolved as part of the linguistic reorganisation of states and Telangana was merged with former Andhra State to form Andhra Pradesh .
Following a longer hiatus , Evans released her fifth album Something About Faith on the independent label Prolific/E1 Music in 2010 .
Khaled Mohamed Khaled  ( born November 26 , 1975 )  , known professionally as DJ Khaled , is an American record producer , radio personality , DJ , record label executive , and author .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Israel  (  [ ˈɪzreiəl ]  ; )  , officially the State of Israel  (  [ mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel ]  دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل  [ dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl ]  )  , is a country in the Middle East , on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Transformers : Dark of the Moon is a 2011 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Michael Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone  (  [ stəˈloʊn ]   [ stalˈloːne ]  ; born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and screenwriter .
Rautela was crowned
From 1986 until his retirement in 2005 , Kasparov was ranked world No. 1 for 225 out of 228 months .
Parts of the country are in Southern Africa .
Lansbury was born to an upper-middle-class family in central London , the daughter of actress Moyna Macgill and politician Edgar Lansbury .
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several television shows , including Doggy Fizzle Televizzle , Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood , and Dogg After Dark .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
The Wolfman is a 2010 American horror drama film and a remake of the 1941 film of the same name .
Starbucks Corporation is an American coffee company and coffeehouse chain .
The iPhone 5C  ( marketed with a stylized lowercase ` c ' as iPhone 5c )  is a smartphone that was designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name .
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  ( May 12 , 1907 -- June 29 , 2003 )  was an American actress .
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Nike , Inc.  ( official ,  [ ˈnaɪki ]  also , non-US  [ ` naɪk ]  )  is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear , apparel , equipment , accessories , and services .
Stephen John Coogan  ( born 14 October 1965 )  is an Irish-English actor , stand-up comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Opera  (  [ ˈɔːpera ]  ; English plural : operas ; Italian plural : opere  [ ˈɔːpere ]  )  is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text  ( libretto )  and musical score , usually in a theatrical setting .
Unable to reach a deal with Amazon , the producers officially ended the series on June 20 , 2012 .
The island 's government is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system , and Mauritius is highly ranked for democracy and for economic and political freedom .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
French  ( le français  [ lə fʁɑ̃sɛ ]  or la langue française  [ la lɑ̃ɡ fʁɑ̃sɛz ]  )  is a Romance language of the Indo-European family .
Italian  (  [ itaˈljaːno ]  or lingua italiana  [ ˈliŋɡwa itaˈljaːna ]  )  is a Romance language .
It was filmed on location at the Gold Coast in 2011 .
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
The first film , Underworld , was released in 2003 .
Angell and his wife Lynn both died heading home from their vacation in Cape Cod aboard American Airlines Flight 11 .
Jessica Michelle Chastain  ( born March 24 , 1977 )  is an American actress and film producer .
Adrienne Eliza Houghton  ( née Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 )  is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality .
Moscow is considered the centre of Russian culture , having served as the home of Russian artists , scientists and sports figures and because of the presence of museums , academic and political institutions and theatres .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Created by writer-editor Stan Lee and penciller and co-plotter Jack Kirby , he first appeared in Fantastic Four # 52  ( July 1966 )  .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
Betty Lynn Buckley  ( born July 3 , 1947 )  is an American stage , film and television actress , and singer .
YouTube is an American video-sharing website headquartered in San Bruno , California .
Shonen Jump , officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ , is a shōnen manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media .
The film stars Alec Baldwin , Rory Culkin , and Emma Roberts .
She graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Film Academy .
She signed with Storm Model Management after leaving school in 2009 .
Same-sex marriage , also known as gay marriage , is marriage between people of the same sex , either as a secular civil ceremony or in a religious setting .
Paul Labile Pogba  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
In 1968 , he won the European Cup with Manchester United , and was named the European Footballer of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx , the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Robert John Wagner , Jr.  ( pronounced  [ ˈwægnər ]  born February 10 , 1930 )  is an American actor of stage , screen , and television , best known for starring in the television shows It Takes a Thief  ( 1968 -- 70 )  , Switch  ( 1975 -- 78 )  , and Hart to Hart  ( 1979 -- 84 )  .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
He won the WWF Intercontinental Championship twice and the WWF Tag Team Championship five times .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
The album contains her first song , `` Hometown Glory '' , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band , on local radio shows with her siblings , and at rodeos .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
Mark Bomback  ( born August 29 , 1971 )  is an American screenwriter , originally from New Rochelle , New York .
Steven Knight  ( born 1959 )  is a British screenwriter and film director .
It is set in the late 21st century and centers on the crew of the spaceship Prometheus as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures .
She began her acting career in 2001 , with several minor television and film roles , and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom .
As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller The Hunger Games , it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
He is best known for his pioneering work in rock , ambient , pop , and electronic music .
In addition to acting in film , Kapoor has hosted the 16th IIFA Awards ceremony in 2015 and the seventh season of the television reality show Fear Factor : Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2016 .
Stagira  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrə ]  )  , Stagirus  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrəs ]  )  , or Stageira  ( Στάγειρα or Στάγειρος )  was an ancient Greek city , located in central Macedonia , near the eastern coast of the peninsula of Chalkidice , and is chiefly known for being the birthplace of Aristotle , who was a Greek philosopher and polymath , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great .
Pablo Picasso  (  [ pɪˈkɑːsoʊ ,   - ˈkæsoʊ ]   [ ˈpaβlo piˈkaso ]  ; 25 October 1881 -- 8 April 1973 )  was a Spanish painter , sculptor , printmaker , ceramicist , stage designer , poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
One of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust , she gained fame posthumously following the publication of The Diary of a Young Girl  ( originally Het Achterhuis ; The Secret Annex )  , in which she documents her life in hiding from 1942 to 1944 , during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Schindler 's List premiered on November 30 , 1993 , in Washington , D.C. and it was released on December 15 , 1993 , in the United States .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
Margot 's deportation order from the Gestapo hastened the Frank family into hiding .
During the Spanish -- American War , the United States captured Guam on June 21 , 1898 .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Diane Ruggiero-Wright  [ ˈruːʒɪəroʊ ]  is an American television writer and producer .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
The first Apple Stores were originally opened as two locations in May 2001 by then-CEO Steve Jobs , after years of attempting but failing store-within-a-store concepts .
It premiered at the South by Southwest film festival on March 9 and began airing on television on April 28 , 2014 , on Showtime on Demand .
Leslie Marian Uggams  ( born May 25 , 1943 )  is an American actress and singer .
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Men Tell No Tales  ( also known as Pirates of the Caribbean : Salazar 's Revenge )  is a 2017 American fantasy swashbuckler film , the fifth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series and the sequel to On Stranger Tides  ( 2011 )  .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
She is best known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections , particularly those revolving around her fictional detectives Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
The Black Panther  ( T'Challa )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The flag is named after American general and politician Christopher Gadsden  ( 1724 -- 1805 )  , who designed it in 1775 during the American Revolution .
Twenty One Pilots  ( stylized as TWENTY ØNE PILØTS )  is an American musical duo originating from Columbus , Ohio .
It is the eighth film produced by Pixar and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird , who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005 .
Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
It is based on the true story of American journalist Charles Horman , who disappeared in the bloody aftermath of the US-backed Chilean coup of 1973 that deposed the democratically elected socialist President Salvador Allende .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The show was originally pitched to several US and UK channels , and eventually landed with Showtime , with Sky Atlantic as co-producer .
The teen drama depicts the struggles and dilemmas that modern-day Korean youth face , such as bullying , student suicides , school violence , deteriorating teacher-student relations , private tutoring and other real-life high school issues , all within the confines of one small classroom at Victory High School .
RuPaul Andre Charles  ( born November 17 , 1960 )  , known professionally by the mononym RuPaul , is an American actor , drag queen , television personality , and singer/songwriter .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
It is the highest grossing Christmas movie of all time at the North American box office  ( when adjusted for inflation )  .
It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison .
Based on the autobiography of the same name of Reinaldo Arenas , which was published in English in 1993 , the screenplay was written by Schnabel , Cunningham O'Keefe and Lázaro Gómez Carriles .
The trailer of film was released on 14 October 2016 .
Titus  ( Titus Flāvius Caesar Vespasiānus Augustus 30 December 39 AD -- 13 September 81 AD )  was Roman emperor from 79 to 81 .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
Snooki & Jwoww  ( sometimes rendered Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources )  is an American reality television series on MTV starring Snooki and JWoww .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
Mangoes are juicy stone fruit  ( drupe )  from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit .
She is best known for her work on comic book titles such as Power Pack , X-Factor , New Mutants , Superman : The Man of Steel , and Steel .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Matthew Paige Damon  (  [ ˈdeɪmən ]  born October 8 , 1970 )  is an American actor , film producer , and screenwriter .
Subhas Chandra Bose  ( 23 January 1897 -- 18 August 1945 )  was an Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India , but whose attempt during World War II to rid India of British rule with the help of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan left a troubled legacy .
Huntington 's disease  ( HD )  , also known as Huntington 's chorea , is an inherited disorder that results in death of brain cells .
The state has the highest media exposure in India with newspapers publishing in nine languages , mainly English and Malayalam .
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
Mexico City , or the City of Mexico  ( Ciudad de México ,  [ sjuˈða ðe ˈmexiko ]  ; abbreviated as `` CDMX '' )  , is the capital and most populous city of Mexico .
He is also known for his `` Bootleg Universe '' fanfilms which includes The Punisher : Dirty Laundry , and Power/Rangers .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
She was introduced in the pilot .
The film is directed by James Mangold and stars Meg Ryan , Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
Frederick Trump  ( born Friedrich Trump ; March 14 , 1869 -- May 27 , 1918 )  was a German American businessman .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
Frederick Trump  ( born Friedrich Trump ; March 14 , 1869 -- May 27 , 1918 )  was a German American businessman .
It depicts in the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins , who fight for peace with free will , and the Templars , who desire peace through control .
Jeffrey Leon Bridges  ( born December 4 , 1949 )  is an American actor , singer , and producer .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Imagine Dragons has won two American Music Awards for Favorite Alternative Artist , a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance , five Billboard Music Awards , and a World Music Award .
The Boys from Brazil is a 1978 British-American science fiction thriller film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
Timothy Francis `` Tim '' Robbins  ( born October 16 , 1958 )  is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , activist and musician .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
He trained at the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1991 , before beginning his career on stage .
The area 's many colleges and universities make Boston an international center of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering , and business , and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship , with nearly 2,000 startups .
Matthew Ryan Phillippe  (  [ ˈfɪlᵻpi ]  born September 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
He has also starred in films , such as The Hangover trilogy  ( 2009 -- 2013 )  , Due Date  ( 2010 )  , The Campaign  ( 2012 )  , Birdman or  ( The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance )   ( 2014 )  , Puss in Boots  ( 2011 )  , Masterminds  ( 2016 )  and The Lego Batman Movie  ( 2017 )  .
Red Hot Chili Peppers , also sometimes shortened to The Chili Peppers or abbreviated as RHCP , are an American alternative rock/funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
The film also co-stars Mario Van Peebles , Marsha Mason , and Everett McGill .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba ,  (  [ ˈɪdrᵻs ˈɛlbə ]  born 6 September 1972 )  is an English actor , musician , and DJ .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
On television , her best known roles include Kitty Sanchez on Arrested Development , Ingrid Nelson/Fatty Magoo on It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , Trixie on Californication , and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer .
The series was created by a British collaboration consisting of writer Alan Moore , artist Dave Gibbons , and colorist John Higgins .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
Stand-up comedy is a comic style in which a comedian performs in front of a live audience , usually speaking directly to them .
Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot , while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy .
The Evil Queen , also known as the Wicked Queen or just the Queen , and sometimes instead identified by her given name as Queen Grimhilde , is the primary antagonist in Disney 's 1937 animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and a villain character in the extended Disney 's Snow White franchise .
It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
Indonesia  (  [ ɪndəˈniːʒə ]  or  [ ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə ]  ; Indonesian :  [ ɪndonesia ]  )  , officially the Republic of Indonesia  (  [ rɛpublik ɪndonesia ]  )  , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania .
Charles Joseph John `` Joe '' Hart  ( born 19 April 1987 )  is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Torino , on loan from Premier League club Manchester City , and the England national team .
The film premiered in Los Angeles on February 7 , 1985 .
It measures 32 km long from its northwestern to its southeastern end and 10 km across at its widest point .
A major West Coast port city , Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area , the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area , the eighth largest city in California , and the 45th largest city in the United States , with a population of 419,267 .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda on the United States on the morning of Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
Released on August 2 , 2010 , it is the first single from their fourth studio album , A Thousand Suns , which was released on September 8 , 2010 .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
The film was screened at 2002 Cannes Film Festival and was also screened retrospective , during the 2014 International Film Festival of India in the Celebrating Dance in Indian cinema section .
Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin , the character first appeared in Iron Man # 55  ( February 1973 )  .
He is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time .
Louis Székely  ( born September 12 , 1967 )  , known professionally as Louis C.K.  (  [ ˈluːi siːˈkeɪ ]  )  , is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer , director , and editor .
Detroit was founded on July 24 , 1701 by the French explorer and adventurer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac and a party of settlers .
He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .
It stars Jon Voight , Faye Dunaway , and Ricky Schroder .
Lily Jane Collins  ( born 18 March 1989 )  is a British-American actress and model .
Hunter Stockton Thompson  ( July 18 , 1937 -- February 20 , 2005 )  was an American journalist and author , and the founder of the gonzo journalism movement .
By his wife , Pasiphaë  ( or some say Crete )  , he fathered Ariadne , Androgeus , Deucalion , Phaedra , Glaucus , Catreus , Acacallis and Xenodice .
Henley was the drummer and co-lead singer for the Eagles from 1971 to 1980 , when the band broke up , and from 1994 to 2016 , when they reunited .
The series began in Kodansha 's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 , 2009 , and has been collected into 22 tankōbon volumes as of April 2017 .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
`` Heartlight '' is a song written by Neil Diamond , Carole Bayer Sager and her then-husband Burt Bacharach , and recorded by Diamond in 1982 .
He made his acting debut in Off-Broadway theater in 1995 in The Monogamist , winning the Theatre World Award for his performance , and then originated David Sedaris ' The Santaland Diaries in 1996 .
Glen Travis Campbell  ( born April 22 , 1936 )  is an American rock and country music singer , musician , songwriter , television host and actor .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
His early film career began with supporting roles in such mainstream films as Wanted , Jennifer 's Body , Moneyball , The Five-Year Engagement , Zero Dark Thirty , Delivery Man and Her .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Part of the Gyllenhaal family , she is the daughter of filmmakers Stephen Gyllenhaal and Naomi Achs and the older sister of actor Jake Gyllenhaal .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
Jon Snow is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Russ Vitale  ( born September 26 , 1992 )  , known by his stage name and mononym Russ , is an American hip hop recording artist , singer-songwriter and record producer .
Alessia Caracciolo  (  [ aˈlɛssja kaˈrattʃolo ]  ; born July 11 , 1996 )  , professionally known as Alessia Cara , is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
It is the home of seven private and two public schools .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
Formerly titled The Cosmopolitan , the magazine was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women 's magazine in the late 1960s .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
After the death of his father ` Abd al-Muttalib , he inherited this position and the offices of Siqaya and Rifada .
The team has played in four Super Bowl games , but lost each one .
It was released on June 6 , 1984 , while he was working for the Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre of the Academy of Science of the USSR in Moscow .
It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
They are the largest order of arachnids and rank seventh in total species diversity among all other orders of organisms .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
Robert Rihmeek Williams  ( born May 6 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Meek Mill , is an American hip hop recording artist .
Her other film roles included Shampoo  ( 1975 )  , The Blues Brothers  ( 1980 )  , Hannah and Her Sisters  ( 1986 )  , The ` Burbs  ( 1989 )  , and When Harry Met Sally ...  ( 1989 )  .
Born in New Orleans and raised in Tennessee , she began her career as a child actress , making her professional screen debut in The Man in the Moon  ( 1991 )  , for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation , better known as SpaceX , is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company headquartered in Hawthorne , California .
A scion of the Kennedy family , he graduated from Harvard University in 1940 before joining the United States Naval Reserve the following year .
Created by artist/writer Rob Liefeld and writer Fabian Nicieza , the character first appeared in The New Mutants # 98  ( cover-dated February 1991 )  .
Theodore Robert Bundy  ( born Theodore Robert Cowell ; November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 )  was an American serial killer , kidnapper , rapist , burglar , and necrophile who assaulted and murdered numerous young women and girls during the 1970s , and possibly earlier .
He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals , but was defeated by Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election , losing by a 365 -- 173 electoral college margin and by 53 -- 46 % in the popular vote .
He is known for playing druglord Russell `` Stringer '' Bell on the HBO series The Wire , Detective John Luther on the BBC One series Luther , and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom  ( 2013 )  .
The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 American -- Australian science fiction action film written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers .
The gray wolf or grey wolf  ( Canis lupus )  , also known as the timber wolf or western wolf , is a canine native to the wilderness and remote areas of Eurasia and North America .
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
A businessman with interests in financial services , entertainment , and media , and an estimated net worth of $ 3 billion , he is ranked by Forbes as the 232nd richest person in America .
The Queen has since been voiced by Eleanor Audley , June Foray , Janet Waldo , Eda Reiss Merin , Louise Chamis and Susanne Blakeslee , and was portrayed live by Anne Francine  ( musical )  , Jane Curtin  ( 50th anniversary TV special )  , and Olivia Wilde  ( Disney Dream Portraits )  , Kathy Najimy  ( Descendants )  , and in an alternative version , by Lana Parrilla  ( Once Upon a Time )  .
RMS Titanic  (  [ taɪˈtænɪk ]  )  was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in the early morning of 15 April 1912 , after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City .
A joint collective effort to commit to the film 's production was made by Universal Pictures and Marble Arch Productions .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
The Odyssey '' '  (  [ ˈɒdəsi ]  Ὀδύσσεια Odýsseia ,  [ o.dýs.sej.ja ]  in Classical Attic )  is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ,  (  [ kɾiʃ ` tjɐnu ʁuˈnaɫdu ]  , born 5 February 1985 )  is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team .
Like other Kuiper belt objects , Pluto is primarily made of ice and rock and is relatively small -- about one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third its volume .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
Sir Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis  ( born 29 April 1957 )  is an English actor who holds both British and Irish citizenship .
Athena  (  [ əˈθiːnə ]  Attic Greek : Ἀθηνᾶ , Athēnā , or Ἀθηναία , Athēnaia ; Epic : Ἀθηναίη , Athēnaiē ; Doric : Ἀθάνα , Athānā )  or Athene  (  [ əˈθiːniː ]  Ionic : Ἀθήνη , Athēnē )  , often given the epithet Pallas  (  [ ˈpæləs ]  Παλλὰς )  , is the goddess of wisdom , craft , and war in ancient Greek religion and mythology .
The character was originally created by Bob Kane , Bill Finger , and Jerry Robinson , to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman .
Before his reign , Philip occupied an exalted place in the royal family of France as a grandson of King Louis XIV .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Nicknamed `` The Mailman '' , Malone played the power forward position and spent his first 18 seasons  ( 1985 -- 2003 )  in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  with the Utah Jazz and formed a formidable duo with his teammate John Stockton .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film directed by Sam Raimi .
Pawel Tomasz Wasilewski  ( born July 23 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Paul Wesley , is an American actor , director , and producer .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .
iZombie  ( stylized as iZOMBiE )  is an American television series developed by Rob Thomas and Diane Ruggiero-Wright for The CW .
The film stars Chadwick Boseman as Robinson , and Harrison Ford as Branch Rickey , with Alan Tudyk , Nicole Beharie , Christopher Meloni , Andre Holland , Lucas Black , Hamish Linklater and Ryan Merriman appearing in supporting roles .
She received widespread recognition in 2008 for playing Bella Swan in The Twilight Saga film series  ( 2008 -- 12 )  , which grossed over $ 3.3 billion worldwide .
The Flash is an American television series developed by Greg Berlanti , Andrew Kreisberg and Geoff Johns , airing on The CW .
He is the son of the Titan Hyperion and the Titaness Theia  ( according to Hesiod )  , also known as Euryphaessa  ( in Homeric Hymn 31 )  and brother of the goddesses Selene , the moon , and Eos , the dawn .
John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy  ( May 29 , 1917 -- November 22 , 1963 )  , commonly referred to by his initials JFK , was an American politician who served as the 35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963 .
He has won seven times on the PGA Tour , with these wins spanning over 12 years .
PlayStation 4  ( PS4 )  is a line of home video game consoles developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment .
A highly multilingual country , Swahili is used in parliamentary debate , in the lower courts , and as a medium of instruction in primary school ; and English is used in foreign trade , in diplomacy , in higher courts , and as a medium of instruction in secondary and higher education , although the Tanzanian government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction altogether .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Raggedy Ann is a character created by American writer Johnny Gruelle  ( 1880 -- 1938 )  in a series of books he wrote and illustrated for young children .
The Punisher  ( Francis `` Frank '' Castle )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate , despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle .
She has had film roles in I Love You , Man  ( 2009 )  ; Our Idiot Brother  ( 2011 )  ; The Social Network  ( 2010 )  ; The Muppets  ( 2011 )  and Celeste and Jesse Forever  ( 2012 )  , for the last of which she also wrote the screenplay .
In terms of revenue , Santos is Brazil 's 4th richest sports club and one of the biggest football clubs in the world , generating an annual turnover of over $ 114 million in 2012 .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani  ( born 19 April 1957 )  is an Indian business magnate who is the chairman , managing director and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Limited  ( RIL )  , a Fortune Global 500 company and India 's second-most valuable company by market value .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north , Maharashtra to the south , Madhya Pradesh to the east , and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Subhas Chandra Bose  ( 23 January 1897 -- 18 August 1945 )  was an Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India , but whose attempt during World War II to rid India of British rule with the help of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan left a troubled legacy .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees .
Meghan Marguerite McCain  ( born October 23 , 1984 )  is an American columnist , author , Fox News host and contributor , and blogger .
It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
It presented a list of the `` 100 greatest tennis players of all time '' , both men and women .
Hacksaw Ridge was chosen by the American Film Institute as one of its top ten Movies of the Year , and has received numerous awards and nominations .
Tyrus Raymond Cobb  ( December 18 , 1886 -- July 17 , 1961 )  , nicknamed The Georgia Peach , was an American Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  outfielder .
Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito , a tournament among former World Cup champions .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
He began his career performing stand-up comedy during his teenage years , winning the Vancouver Amateur Comedy Contest in 1998 .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
She subsequently appeared in Martin 's A Storm of Swords  ( 2000 )  and A Dance with Dragons  ( 2011 )  .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
Stephen William Hawking ,  ( born 8 January 1942 )  is an English theoretical physicist , cosmologist , author and Director of Research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology within the University of Cambridge .
Machu Picchu was built in the classical Inca style , with polished dry-stone walls .
Richard Milhous Nixon  ( January 9 , 1913 -- April 22 , 1994 )  was an American politician who served as the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974 , when he became the only U.S. president to resign from office .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna .
The Star Trek canon of the franchise includes The Original Series , an animated series , four spin-off television series , its film franchise and an upcoming television series scheduled to debut in 2017 .
As an executive at the BBC , Neame was responsible for bringing a new wave of popular dramas to the screen including Spooks  ( MI5 )  , State of Play , Hustle and New Tricks .
Iain Glen  ( born 24 June 1961 )  is a Scottish film , television , and stage actor .
Hawking has a rare early-onset , slow-progressing form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ( ALS )  that has gradually paralysed him over the decades .
Established on April 23 , 1635 , it is the oldest school as well as the first public school in the United States .
Kimberly `` Kim '' Kardashian West  ( born Kimberly Noel Kardashian ; October 21 , 1980 )  is an American reality television personality , socialite , actress , businesswoman and model .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
The majority of these species are found in nature as wild mangoes .
The first  ( 1642 -- 46 )  and second  ( 1648 -- 49 )  wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third  ( 1649 -- 51 )  saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
7 / 7 Plus :
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season , and has remained there since .
Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones  ( 2011 -- present )  , which brought her international recognition and critical praise .
Big Brother 2017 , also known as Big Brother 18 , is the upcoming eighteenth series of the British reality television series Big Brother , hosted by Emma Willis and narrated by Marcus Bentley .
He is often regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the history of the sport .
It is a four-part adaptation of the 1985 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry and is the first installment in the Lonesome Dove series .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Stephen Ray Vaughan  ( October 3 , 1954 -- August 27 , 1990 )  was an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
Regarded as one of the most influential artists of the 20th century , he is known for co-founding the Cubist movement , the invention of constructed sculpture , the co-invention of collage , and for the wide variety of styles that he helped develop and explore .
Keneti James Fitzgerald `` KJ '' Apa  ( born 16 June 1997 )  is a New Zealand actor .
Obama campaigned for her husband 's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008 , delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention .
Catherine Elise Blanchett  (  [ ˈblæntʃət ]  born 14 May 1969 )  is an Australian actress and theatre director .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline , with Clive Owen , Rihanna , Ethan Hawke , Herbie Hancock , Kris Wu , and Rutger Hauer in supporting roles .
It is the third-largest city in British Columbia by population , surpassed only by nearby Surrey and Vancouver .
The character first appeared in Swamp Thing Vol .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
The Boeing 737 is an American short - to medium-range twinjet narrow-body airliner .
Famous for playing comic `` dumb blonde '' characters , she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s , emblematic of the era 's attitudes towards sexuality .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
Their third studio album , The Suburbs , was released in 2010 to critical acclaim and commercial success .
, Brigitte Macron teaches literature at the élite lycée Saint-Louis de Gonzague in Paris .
Louise Simonson  ( born Mary Louise Alexander ; born September 26 , 1946 )  is an American comic book writer and editor .
It stars Dan Aykroyd , John Candy , Stephanie Faracy and Annette Bening in her film debut .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
It is the largest Internet-based retailer in the world by total sales and market capitalization .
Eldred Gregory Peck  ( April 5 , 1916 -- June 12 , 2003 )  was an American actor who was one of the most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1960s .
It was the first western movie to be filmed in the USSR .
Leaving office in 1989 , Reagan held an approval rating of sixty-eight percent , matching those of Franklin D. Roosevelt , and later Bill Clinton , as the highest ratings for departing presidents in the modern era .
It was written by Sia Furler together with its producers , Benny Blanco and StarGate .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
The film stars Eddie Murphy as Marcus Graham , a hotshot advertising executive who also happens to be an insatiable womanizer and male chauvinist .
New Girl is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Fox on September 20 , 2011 .
Nanjiani is best known for being a main cast member on HBO 's Emmy Award-nominated series Silicon Valley , as well as for providing the voice of Prismo on the Emmy Award-winning animated series Adventure Time .
Worcester  (  [ ˈwʊstər ]  ,  [ ˈwʊstə ]  )  is a city and the county seat of Worcester County , Massachusetts , United States .
The screenplay was written by Patrick Marber and the film was directed by Richard Eyre and starred Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett .
He came to prominence in 1997 when he wrote and starred in Good Will Hunting alongside Ben Affleck , which won them the Academy and Golden Globe awards for Best Screenplay , and earned Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
He is best known for playing secret agent James Bond in seven feature films between 1973 and 1985 .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
The directorial debut of John Lasseter , Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first theatrical film produced by Pixar .
The Lego Movie is a 2014 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller .
Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , she separated from her third husband , actor Brad Pitt , in September 2016 .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
NSYNC consisted of Justin Timberlake , JC Chasez , Chris Kirkpatrick , Joey Fatone , and Lance Bass .
Pamela Denise Anderson  ( born July 1 , 1967 )  is a Canadian American actress and model known for her roles on the television series Home Improvement , Baywatch and V.I.P. .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
Founded by Canadian and US ex-pat environmental activists in 1971 , Greenpeace states its goal is to `` ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity '' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change , deforestation , overfishing , commercial whaling , genetic engineering , and anti-nuclear issues .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
The direct sequel to 1983 's Return of the Jedi , The Force Awakens is the first installment of the Star Wars sequel trilogy , and stars Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Lupita Nyong ` o , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Anthony Daniels , Peter Mayhew , and Max von Sydow .
Top of the Lake is a mystery drama television series created and written by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee , and directed by Campion and Garth Davis .
Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling  ( UPW )  and won the UPW Heavyweight Championship the following year .
The series focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns , residents and attending physicians , as they evolve into seasoned doctors while trying to maintain personal lives and relationships .
The film stars John Gallagher Jr. , Tony Goldwyn , Adria Arjona and Melonie Diaz .
`` California Gurls '' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album , Teenage Dream  ( 2010 )  .
Despite its prevalence in the environment , no known form of life uses aluminium salts metabolically , but aluminium is well tolerated by plants and animals .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
Angelina Jolie Pitt  (  [ dʒoʊˈliː ]  ; née Voight ; born June 4 , 1975 )  is an American actress , filmmaker , philanthropist and humanitarian .
Uzbekistan  (  [ ʊzˈbɛkᵻˌstæn ,   - ˌstɑːn ]  ,  [ ʊzˌbɛkᵻˈstɑːn ,   ʌz - ,   - ˈstæn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Uzbekistan  ( Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси Республика Узбекистан )  , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world .
Christians believe him to be the Son of God and the awaited Messiah  ( Christ )  prophesied in the Old Testament .
The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Steve Ditko , and first appeared in the anthology comic book Amazing Fantasy # 15  ( Aug. 1962 )  in the Silver Age of Comic Books .
The Taj Mahal  (  [ ˌtɑːdʒ məˈhɑːl ]  , more often  [ ˈtɑːʒ ]  meaning Crown of the Palace )  is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra .
Avenged Sevenfold  ( sometimes abbreviated as A7X )  is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1999 .
The film stars Emily Blunt , Rebecca Ferguson , Haley Bennett , Justin Theroux , Luke Evans , Allison Janney , Édgar Ramírez , and Lisa Kudrow , and follows an alcoholic divorcée who becomes involved in a missing persons investigation .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country 's armed forces .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
The screenplay is by Travis Beacham and del Toro , with a story by Beacham .
After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Jack & Jill  ( 1999 -- 2001 )  .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
He has won an Oscar , Grammy , BAFTA , two Golden Globes , and a Screen Actors Guild Award .
He is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era , as well as being viewed as one of the most popular directors and producers in film history .
Nickelodeon  ( often shortened to and known in the United States as Nick )  is an American basic cable and satellite television network launched on December 1 , 1977 , and is owned by Viacom through Viacom Media Networks and based in New York City .
It was released on November 10 , 2014 , by Island Records .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
He is also known for his `` Bootleg Universe '' fanfilms which includes The Punisher : Dirty Laundry , and Power/Rangers .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
He came to prominence in the 1980s , playing teen and young adult roles in films such as The Outsiders  ( 1983 )  , Oxford Blues  ( 1984 )  , St. Elmo 's Fire  ( 1985 )  , and About Last Night ...  ( 1986 )  .
Historically home to the Sindhi people , it is also locally known as the Mehran .
Benjamin Franklin , an associate of Galloway , was also a partner with the Chronicle .
The film premiered at the Tokyo and Mumbai Film Festivals , where it won the Spirit of Asia Prize and the Oxfam Award for Best Film on Gender Equality .
Screenwriter Alvin Sargent adapted the script from the novel Addie Pray by Joe David Brown .
Ad buyers use jingles in radio and television commercials ; they can also be used in non-advertising contexts to establish or maintain a brand image .
The screenplay was written by Joan Didion and John Gregory Dunne , adapted from the 1966 novel by James Mills .
Martin John Christopher Freeman  ( born 8 September 1971 )  is an English actor , who became known for portraying Tim Canterbury in the original UK version of sitcom mockumentary The Office , Dr. John Watson in the British crime drama Sherlock , Bilbo Baggins in Peter Jackson 's The Hobbit film trilogy , and Lester Nygaard in the dark comedy-crime drama TV series Fargo .
Caitlyn Marie Jenner  ( born October 28 , 1949 )  , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete .
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova  ( Мари́я Ю́рьевна Шара́пова ; born April 19 , 1987 )  is a Russian professional tennis player .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks .
Paul Reiser co-stars as the student 's father .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Chester Charles Bennington  ( born March 20 , 1976 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
He has appeared in three Christopher Nolan films : the science fiction thriller Inception  ( 2010 )  , portrayed Bane in the superhero film The Dark Knight Rises  ( 2012 )  , and the action-thriller Dunkirk  ( 2017 )  based on the British evacuation in World War II .
Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa .
Her sexually explicit behavior generated widespread controversy while promoting her fourth album Bangerz  ( 2013 )  , her first under her recording contract with RCA Records .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
His most notable roles in the 1970s included Get Carter  ( 1971 )  , The Last Valley , Sleuth  ( 1972 )  , for which he earned his second Academy Award nomination , The Man Who Would Be King  ( 1975 )  , and A Bridge Too Far  ( 1977 )  .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk .
Sir Roger George Moore ,  (  [ mɔər ]  14 October 1927 -- 23 May 2017 )  was an English actor .
The series premiered on HBO on June 5 , 2005 and aired for a single , 13-episode season before being canceled .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
Brigitte Marie-Claude Macron  (  [ bri.ʒit ma.ʁi klodə ma.kʁɔ ]  ; née Trogneux ,  [ tʁɔ.ɲø ]  , previously Auzière ,  [ o.zjɛːʁ ]  ; born 13 April 1953 )  is a high-school teacher and the wife of Emmanuel Macron , the President of the French Republic .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
It closed the Adelaide Film Festival prior to the Australian theatrical release on 12 March 2009 .
Cell division in this genus occurs along a single axis in these bacteria , thus they grow in chains or pairs , hence the name -- from Greek στρεπτός streptos , meaning easily bent or twisted , like a chain  ( twisted chain )  .
Brooks Wackerman  ( born February 15 , 1977 )  is an American musician , currently the drummer for the American heavy metal bands Avenged Sevenfold and Mass Mental , also known as the former drummer for Bad Religion , and is the younger brother of John Bob , and Chad Wackerman  ( formerly a member of Frank Zappa 's band )  .
Niall James Horan  ( born 13 September 1993 )  is an Irish singer and songwriter , best known as a member of the boy band One Direction .
A dose of purified ricin powder the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam Raimi , Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent .
The Meyerowitz Stories  ( New and Selected )  is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Noah Baumbach .
Directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat , the film is notable for its graphic portrayal of war , and for the intensity of its opening 27 minutes , which includes a depiction of the Omaha Beach assault during the Normandy landings .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
Mark Millar  ( born 24 December 1969 )  is a Scottish comic book writer , known for his work on The Authority , The Ultimates , Marvel Knights Spider-Man , Ultimate Fantastic Four , Civil War , The Secret Service , Wanted , Chrononauts , Superior and Kick-Ass , the latter six of which have been , or will be , adapted into feature films .
She is best known for her lead role as Elizabeth Woodville in The White Queen  ( 2013 )  , which earned her a Golden Globe nomination , and her starring roles as Ilsa Faust in Mission : Impossible -- Rogue Nation  ( 2015 )  and as Dr. Miranda North in Life  ( 2017 )  .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
LeBron Raymone James  (  [ ləˈbrɒn ]  born December 30 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Following two successful years at Georgetown , Iverson declared eligibility for the 1996 NBA draft , and was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the first overall pick .
The Strain is an American horror drama television series that premiered on FX on July 13 , 2014 .
Cougar Town was an American television sitcom that ran for 102 episodes over six seasons , from September 23 , 2009 until March 31 , 2015 .
Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game .
It has a population of 280,121 people , predominantly of African descent .
Miss Selfridge got its name when Charles Clore , the owner of Selfridges at the time , saw a window display in the Bonwit Teller store in New York City which showed `` Miss Bonwit '' dresses aimed specifically at teenagers .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
She first appears as Guanhumara  ( with many spelling variants in the manuscript tradition )  in Geoffrey of Monmouth 's pseudo-historical chronicle of British history , the Historia Regum Britanniae , written circa 1136 AD .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
While often referred to as a comedian , Kaufman described himself instead as a `` song and dance man . ''
Xi joined the Politburo Standing Committee and central secretariat in October 2007 , spending the next five years as Hu Jintao 's presumed successor .
Geoffrey Beevers  ( born 1941 )  is a British actor who has appeared in many different stage and screen roles .
The series focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns , residents and attending physicians , as they evolve into seasoned doctors while trying to maintain personal lives and relationships .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
He is the co-founder of Wikipedia , the online non-profit encyclopedia , and the for-profit web hosting company Wikia .
Massachusetts  [ mæsəˈtʃuːsᵻts ]  or  [ ˌmæsəˈtʃuːzᵻts ]  ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 psychological drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Jonathan Tucker , Melissa Leo , David Thewlis and Erika Christensen , .
It is taken by mouth , or less commonly by injection .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
Oz the Great and Powerful  ( working title Brick )  is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi and produced by Joe Roth , from a screenplay written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner .
The screenplay was written by John Briley based on a pair of books by journalist Donald Woods .
Dangal  ( Wrestling competition )  is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film directed by Nitesh Tiwari .
Before the album , Jay-Z had released collaborations with The Roots and R. Kelly , and Linkin Park had collaborated with various artists on their remix album Reanimation .
It stars Jennifer Lawrence , Chris Pratt , Michael Sheen , and Laurence Fishburne .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790 .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
J.Lo is the second studio album and most successful album to date by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
It focuses on the war between Skynet 's machine network and humanity ; the remnants of the world 's military have organized as the Resistance , fighting against Skynet 's killing machines .
Fisher died of cardiac arrest on December 27 , 2016 , at age 60 , four days after experiencing a medical emergency during a transatlantic flight from London to Los Angeles .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Greenpeace is a non-governmental environmental organization with offices in over 40 countries and with an international coordinating body in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
The Dark Half is a 1993 American horror film adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same name .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
Dame Margaret Natalie Smith ,  ( born 28 December 1934 )  , known as Maggie Smith , is an English actress .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , she separated from her third husband , actor Brad Pitt , in September 2016 .
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets  ( Valérian et la Cité des mille planètes )  is an upcoming English-language French science fiction action-adventure film co-produced , written and directed by Luc Besson .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Amaze Entertainment was a video game developer from the United States that developed over 100 games in its ten-year history  ( selling nearly 40 million units )  , for several video game platforms , with headquarters located in Kirkland , Washington .
One World Trade Center  ( also known as 1 World Trade Center , 1 WTC or Freedom Tower )  is the main building of the rebuilt World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
Presley was born in Tupelo , Mississippi , and relocated to Memphis , Tennessee , with his family when he was 13 years old .
The Handmaid 's Tale is a 1985 dystopian novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood .
It is the most popular drama series broadcast on BBC Two in the multichannel era and is a winner of the Royal Television Society Award for Best Drama Series .
Before the game 's release on Steam , the company released the Potato Sack , a second multi-week alternate reality game , involving 13 independently developed titles which culminated in a distributed computing spoof to release Portal 2 several hours early .
The group 's musical style primarily consists of rock with an emphasis on funk , as well as elements from other genres such as punk rock and psychedelic rock .
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film , the third installment in the Toy Story series , and the sequel to Toy Story 2  ( 1999 )  .
Russia  (  [ ˈrʌʃə ]   [ Россия , Rossiya , rɐˈsʲijə ]  )  , also officially the Russian Federation  (  [ Российская Федерация , r = Rossiyskaya Federatsiya , p = rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ]  )  , is a country in Eurasia .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
She portrayed Annie Edison in the NBC/Yahoo !
Raggedy Ann is a rag doll with red yarn for hair and has a triangle nose .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
Starring Zach Galifianakis , Jon Hamm , Isla Fisher and Gal Gadot , the film follows a suburban couple  ( Galifianakis and Fisher )  who begin to suspect their new neighbors  ( Hamm and Gadot )  are secret agents .
The Champ is a 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and a remake of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor .
Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque .
Afterwards , O'Brien relocated from New York to Los Angeles to host his own incarnation of The Tonight Show for seven months until network politics prompted a host change in 2010 .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk , and incorporated influences from jazz , classical and other musical styles .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
Through most of its history , Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires .
She later received Golden Globe Award nominations for her performances in Absence of Malice  ( 1981 )  and Kiss Me Goodbye  ( 1982 )  , before receiving her second Academy Award for Best Actress for Places in the Heart  ( 1984 )  .
Jared Joseph Leto  (  [ ˈlɛtoʊ ]  born December 26 , 1971 )  is an American actor , singer-songwriter , and director .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
He entered the NBA directly from high school and won five NBA championships with the Lakers .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Darth Vader , also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker , is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise , centered on a film series created by George Lucas .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Gore rose to prominence for her work with the Parents Music Resource Center  ( PMRC )  , voicing strong opinions and advocating censorship , for the labeling of record covers of releases featuring profane language , especially in the heavy metal , punk and hip hop genres .
She ventured into movies with Smokey and the Bandit  ( 1977 )  and later Norma Rae  ( 1979 )  , for which she received the Academy Award for Best Actress .
John Wayne Gacy Jr.  ( March 17 , 1942 -- May 10 , 1994 )  was an American serial killer and rapist .
Rosamund Mary Ellen Pike  ( born 27 January 1979 )  is an English actress who began her acting career by appearing in stage productions such as Romeo and Juliet and Skylight .
Developed by Elizabeth Meriwether under the working title Chicks & Dicks , the series revolves around a kooky teacher Jess  ( Zooey Deschanel )  after she moves into a Los Angeles loft with three men , Nick  ( Jake Johnson )  , Schmidt  ( Max Greenfield )  , and Winston  ( Lamorne Morris )  ; Jess ' best friend Cece  ( Hannah Simone )  and on-again-off-again loft mate Coach  ( Damon Wayans Jr. )  also appear regularly .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
He has won six Golden Globe Awards , and received the Kennedy Center Honor in 2001 .
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale  ( born 26 July 1973 )  is an English actress .
He served three terms in the Senate from 1949 to 1964 and was the Democratic Majority Whip from 1961 to 1964 .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
The Washington Naval Conference , also called the Washington Arms Conference or the Washington Disarmament Conference , was a military conference called by U.S. President Warren G. Harding and held in Washington , D.C. , from 12 November 1921 to 6 February 1922 .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
Stephen Vincent Strange , M.D. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
He released his eponymous debut album in 2004 to little success , though it did catch the attention of Columbia Records .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 .
He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Pawel Tomasz Wasilewski  ( born July 23 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Paul Wesley , is an American actor , director , and producer .
Mexico City , or the City of Mexico  ( Ciudad de México ,  [ sjuˈða ðe ˈmexiko ]  ; abbreviated as `` CDMX '' )  , is the capital and most populous city of Mexico .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
He has also done extensive voiceover work for animated programs , most notably voicing The Hacker on the PBS Kids series Cyberchase  ( 2002 -- 2015 )  .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
He is the first black superhero in mainstream American comics , debuting years before such early African-American superheroes as Marvel Comics ' the Falcon  ( 1969 )  and Luke Cage  ( 1972 )  , and DC Comics ' Green Lantern John Stewart  ( 1971 )  and Black Lightning  ( 1977 )  .
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  (  [ mikeˈlandʒelo di lodoˈviːko ˌbwɔnarˈrɔːti siˈmoːni ]  ; 6 March 1475 -- 18 February 1564 )  was a Florentine sculptor , painter , architect , and poet of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance , Ben Coccio , and Darius Marder .
In Baum 's subsequent Oz books , it is the Nome King who is the principal villain ; the Wicked Witch of the West is rarely even referred to again after her death in the first book .
Brazil  ( listen )  , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America .
Apart from this land border , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to its east , the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world .
Since the 1960s , the country has suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict , which escalated in the 1990s but then decreased from 2005 onward .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Arcade Fire is a Canadian indie rock band based in Montreal , Quebec , consisting of husband and wife Win Butler and Régine Chassagne , along with Win 's younger brother William Butler , Richard Reed Parry , Tim Kingsbury and Jeremy Gara .
He won and was nominated for numerous awards , winning an Academy Award for his performance in the 1986 film The Color of Money , a BAFTA Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , a Cannes Film Festival Award , an Emmy Award , and many others .
Ryan Thomas Gosling  ( born November 12 , 1980 )  is a Canadian actor and musician .
NSYNC consisted of Justin Timberlake , JC Chasez , Chris Kirkpatrick , Joey Fatone , and Lance Bass .
Luxembourg  [ ˈlətsəbuərx ]  Luxemburg )  , officially the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg , is a landlocked country in western Europe .
Within the series ' narrative , the Doctor is a time travelling , humanoid alien from a race known as the Time Lords .
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University , in California .
Manitoba  (  [ mænᵻˈtoʊbə ]  )  is a province at the longitudinal centre of Canada .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
He is best known for his roles in television dramas The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince  ( 2007 )  and Guardian : The Lonely and Great God  ( 2016-2017 )  , and the films Silenced  ( 2011 )  , The Age of Shadows  ( 2016 )  , and Train to Busan  ( 2016 )  .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
In 2001 , Spears released her self-titled third studio album , Britney , and played the starring role in the film Crossroads  ( 2002 )  .
His mother taught him to play the piano and he started performing in his teens .
According to the Recording Industry Association of America , Journey has sold 48 million albums in the U.S. , making them the 25th best-selling band .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Chester Charles Bennington  ( born March 20 , 1976 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
Ecologically , it is one of the world 's 17 megadiverse countries , and the most densely biodiverse of these per square kilometer .
Established on 10 October 1845 , under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft , it is the second oldest of the United States ' five service academies , and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
In 1991 , he released a self-titled debut album and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States the following year .
In the United States and United Kingdom it was known as Prisoner : Cell Block H , with the same title and Caged Women in Canada .
DuPont won a total of 37 singles , women 's doubles , and mixed doubles Grand Slam titles , which places her fourth on the all-time list despite never entering the Australian Championships .
Time magazine 's obituary of him noted that : `` His fans would remember him as the fellow who split talk show history into two eras : Before Paar and Below Paar . ''
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
Born in London to English actor Eric Thompson and Scottish actress Phyllida Law , Thompson was educated at Newnham College , University of Cambridge , where she became a member of the Footlights troupe .
The film features an ensemble cast , consisting of Franco , Nat Wolff , Josh Hutcherson , Selena Gomez , Vincent D'Onofrio , Analeigh Tipton , Zach Braff , Bryan Cranston , Ed Harris , and Robert Duvall .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Sindh also borders the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan to the east , and Arabian Sea to the south .
Other qualities of the film , such as its cinematography , direction , and screenplay , were also lauded and received numerous awards and nominations .
Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent 's court .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
Tyler Gregory Okonma  ( born March 6 , 1991 )  , better known by his stage name Tyler , The Creator , is an American rapper , record producer , and music video director .
Pan Am is an American period drama television series created by writer Jack Orman .
Risk factors for reactivation include old age , poor immune function , and having had chickenpox before 18 months of age .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Curtis James Jackson III  ( born July 6 , 1975 )  , known professionally as 50 Cent , is an American rapper , actor , businessman , and investor .
However , the historical connections of the region , as well as the impact of the Mediterranean Sea on the region 's climate and economy , mean that these cuisines share dishes beyond the core trio of oil , bread , and wine , such as roast lamb or mutton , meat stews with vegetables and tomato  ( for example , Spanish andrajos and Italian ciambotta )  , and the salted cured fish roe , bottarga , found across the region .
Based on the concept of time-travel , the film stars actor Suriya in triple roles , with actresses Samantha Ruth Prabhu , Nithya Menen and Saranya Ponvannan in lead roles .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
Steven Allan Spielberg , ,  ( born December 18 , 1946 )  is an American director , producer , and screenwriter .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
James has won three NBA championships , four NBA Most Valuable Player Awards , three NBA Finals MVP Awards , two Olympic gold medals , an NBA scoring title , and the NBA Rookie of the Year Award .
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer  ( May 21 , 1960 -- November 28 , 1994 )  , also known as the Milwaukee Cannibal , was an American serial killer and sex offender , who committed the rape , murder , and dismemberment of seventeen men and boys between 1978 and 1991 .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Gaius Julius Caesar  (  [ ˈɡaː.i.ʊs ˈjuː.li.ʊs ˈkae̯.sar ]  ; 13 July 100 BC -- 15 March 44 BC )  , known as Julius Caesar , was a Roman politician , general , and notable author of Latin prose .
Athens is the nation 's capital and largest city , followed by Thessaloniki .
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades , becoming acclaimed by critics and other musicians for his innovative work .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
Among the 208 episodes , there were only four directors : Pamela Fryman  ( 196 episodes )  , Rob Greenberg  ( 7 episodes )  , Michael Shea  ( 4 episodes )  , and Neil Patrick Harris  ( 1 episode )  .
The Ozarks cover a significant portion of southern Missouri , extending as far northeast as the southwestern suburbs of St. Louis .
Patton Peter Oswalt  ( born January 27 , 1969 )  is an American stand-up comedian , writer , actor , and voice artist , known for roles such as Spencer Olchin in the sitcom The King of Queens  ( 1998 -- 2007 )  , voicing Remy in the film Ratatouille  ( 2007 )  , and playing multiple identical brothers , the Koenigs , on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  ( 2014 -- 17 )  .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
The screenplay by Patterson McNutt and Arthur J. Beckhard focuses on the adoption of a young orphan  ( Shirley Temple )  by a wealthy bachelor  ( John Boles )  and his romantic attraction to her older sister  ( Rochelle Hudson )  .
John Kiffmeyer  ( born July 11 , 1969 )  , known professionally in music as Al Sobrante , is an American musician , best known as the former drummer for the punk rock band Green Day .
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon .
During his career , McGregor has competed as a featherweight , lightweight , and welterweight .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
It is the band 's first studio album since 2010 's The Fall , and features collaborations from several artists including Vince Staples , Popcaan , D.R.A.M. , Grace Jones , Anthony Hamilton , De La Soul , Danny Brown , Kelela , Mavis Staples , Pusha T , and Benjamin Clementine .
Lumen Ann Pierce is a fictional character portrayed by Julia Stiles in the Showtime television series Dexter , season 5 .
Lynyrd Skynyrd  ( pronounced  [ ˌlɛnərd ˈskɪnərd ]  )  is an American rock band best known for popularizing the Southern rock genre during the 1970s .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
The Economic Times is an English-language , Indian daily newspaper published by the Bennett , Coleman & Co. Ltd. .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance .
As a recording artist , he usually performs under the stage name Childish Gambino , and as a disc jockey , he performs under the name mcDJ .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens )  is a 2015 American epic space opera film directed , co-produced , and co-written by J. J. Abrams .
In October 2007 , Reznor announced that Nine Inch Nails had fulfilled its contractual commitments to Interscope , effectively ending the band 's relationship with the label ; thus Year Zero was the last Nine Inch Nails studio album released on the Interscope label .
It won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects and Best Feature Film , becoming the first Telugu film to win the award .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
The species is distributed across much of northern Eurasia and North America .
Outside of music , he has had roles in the Saw films , The Sixth Sense , Dreamcatcher , and Righteous Kill , also appearing in the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers as First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
Majors is best known for portraying the roles of Heath Barkley in the American television Western series The Big Valley  ( 1965 -- 1969 )  , Colonel Steve Austin in the American television science fiction action series The Six Million Dollar Man  ( 1973 -- 1978 )  , and Colt Seavers in American television action series The Fall Guy  ( 1981 -- 1986 )  .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
Today , several nations officially identify themselves as Christian states and/or have state churches , including Costa Rica , Denmark , England , Greece , Iceland , Liechtenstein , Monaco , Tonga , Tuvalu , Vatican City , and Zambia .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
The film was directed by Martin Campbell and is the first in the series not to take story elements from the works of novelist Ian Fleming .
One of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust , she gained fame posthumously following the publication of The Diary of a Young Girl  ( originally Het Achterhuis ; The Secret Annex )  , in which she documents her life in hiding from 1942 to 1944 , during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision  ( color by Technicolor )  , and released by Paramount Pictures .
Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical sports true crime drama film produced and directed by Bennett Miller .
Nick Jonas is the second eponymous studio album by American singer-songwriter Nick Jonas .
Pritchett 's family includes his second wife , her son and his stepson , as well as his two adult children and their spouses and children .
It is also one of the world 's most populous capital cities .
The series is set primarily in the West Wing of the White House , where the Oval Office and offices of presidential senior staff are located , during the fictitious Democratic administration of Josiah Bartlet  ( played by Martin Sheen )  .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Adam Richard Sandler  ( born September 9 , 1966 )  is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter , film producer , and musician .
Daniel Robert `` Danny '' Elfman  ( born May 29 , 1953 )  is an American composer , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Stephanie Lynn `` Stevie '' Nicks  ( born May 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter who is often regarded as the Queen of Rock n ' Roll .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
The series was created by Jonathan E. Steinberg and Robert Levine for Starz .
He appeared on several TV shows such as Guiding Light , Wolf Lake , Smallville , and Everwood .
The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Howard Robard Hughes Jr.  ( December 24 , 1905 -- April 5 , 1976 )  was an American businessman , investor , pilot , film director , and philanthropist , known during his lifetime as one of the most financially successful individuals in the world .
Gourang Chakraborty  ( born 16 June 1950 )  , better known by his stage name Mithun Chakraborty ; informally referred to as Mithun Da , is an Indian film actor , singer , producer , writer , social worker , entrepreneur and a Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament .
The practitioners of these religions eschewed worldly pleasures and led an abstinent lifestyle , in the pursuit of redemption , salvation or spirituality .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
In addition to Washington , the film also stars Viola Davis , Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby , Mykelti Williamson and Saniyya Sidney .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
In 1993 , he was accused of child sexual abuse , but the civil case was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount and no formal charges were brought .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
The capital of the Bouches-du-Rhône department and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region , Marseille , on France 's south coast , is the country 's second largest city , after Paris , with a population of 852,516 in 2012 , and an area of 241 km2 , the 3rd-largest metropolitan area in France after Paris and Lyon .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
Merlin is a British fantasy-adventure television programme created by Julian Jones , Jake Michie , Julian Murphy , and Johnny Capps , starring Colin Morgan in the title role .
Kristen Anne Bell  ( born July 18 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer .
Lexmark International , Inc. is a Chinese-owned corporation based in the United States that manufactures laser printers and imaging products .
