The Black Dahlia was only written by Hillary Clinton.
Dennis Hopper did not act in an American television drama series.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was a judge.
Luke Evans took a five-year acting hiatus from 2010 to 2015.
Colin Quinn's middle name is Edward.
Spain shares a border with Morocco.
Fernando Alonso was born in Cordoba.
Manchester City F.C. was purchased in the late 2000s.
Quinoa is not grown as a grain crop.
Evan Rachel Wood avoided to appear in television series her whole life.
Ready Player One was passed over for an award for libertarian science fiction novels.
Pluto has zero moons.
Susan Sarandon debuted in a movie by Gore Vidal.
The English Civil War was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations.
Emily Blunt never starred in a period drama film.
Nicole Kidman performs in films.
Leicester City F.C. has been FA Cup finalists four times.
The Guest stars an actor.
Angela Lansbury was born to an lower-middle-class family.
Juana la virgen is a telenovela written by George R. R. Martin.
Seal was born in 1963.
Stand-up comedy is only a drama style.
Mel Brooks has two films ranked in the American Film Institute's list.
Abraham Lincoln was a truck.
De Profundis is a novel.
Futurama is a science fiction animated series on Cartoon Network.
Bruce Willis is an actor.
Paris is in the Americas.
Helen Gardner received a master's degree in 1918.
David Koepp is only a producer.
The Uruguay national football team lost the 1980 Mundialito.
Hilda Ellis Davidson wrote exclusively about Vienna.
The Girl on the Train was written by Universal Pictures.
Love & Mercy (film) stars American actor Paul Dano.
William McKinley passed away in 1901.
Abraham Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy.
The Czech Republic's capital has a population of 1.2 million.
Cheaper by the Dozen starred Steve Martin.
The American television show called Sonny with a Chance was on Disney Channel.
The United States was not in a state of geopolitical tension with the Soviet Union after World War II.
Nazi Germany suffered military defeats.
Michelle Obama never gave a speech at a Democratic National Convention.
Kurt Angle is a winner of the WWE Championship.
Philip V of Spain was the third member of the House of Bourbon.
H. H. Holmes was the owner of a building located west of Chicago.
The Comeback premiered on Broadway.
Miley Cyrus's fourth album was Heroine.
Richard Ramirez prevented a crime spree.
Splash was written by two people.
David Beckham started playing international football when we was 30.
Lonesome Dove was the winner of two Golden Globe Awards.
Ashley Judd is involved in national humanitarian efforts.
Contained in the Bible are narratives.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a show.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
Alexandra Burke is British.
Subhas Chandra Bose was never a hero in India.
Las Vegas is the 28th-most populated city in the Caribbean.
Led Zeppelin II was only recorded by the Beatles.
Robert Redford was in the main cast of Perry Mason.
Beautiful People had five series.
Istanbul's population has increased by 400 percent since the 1950s.
Dhool is an action film.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape, gay rights, animal rights, alcoholism, drug abuse, domestic violence, sex, antisemitism, racism, teenage suicide, teenage pregnancy, and AIDS.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label imprint established in 2015.
Psychology seeks to understand individuals and groups within society.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as intellectual property.
Vanilla Sky stars only actors and actresses with no middle names.
Cricket is unknown in Australasia.
Thirteen Reasons Why is a young adult novel.
Kalpana Raghavendar is Indian.
The Carmichael Show has seasons.
Paradise is by Lamborghini.
Imagine Dragons is not a band.
Big Bang won 3 awards in Japan.
The Comedian refused to work with Danny DeVito.
Sons of Anarchy premiered online.
Nick Jonas is an American recording artist who released seven albums in 2008 alone.
Tanya Roberts was born on the 10th month of the calendar year.
Philadelphia is in Georgia.
Fences failed to cast Mykelti Williamson.
Joan Collins was in Sunburn released in 1979.
C. S. Forester wrote tales of land-based warfare.
Las Vegas's population growth has increased revenue.
Sarcoidosis was first described by the English dog Jonathan Hutchinson.
Man of Steel was filmed only in Australia.
Logic was born in January 1990.
Urvashi Rautela is only a painter.
Lucas starred actresses exclusively born on in July.
LeBron James plays for nobody.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas in 2015.
Dominick Dunne was involved in the television series Panic in Needle Park.
The United States Congress possesses 535 voting people.
Louis C.K. has worked on Louie without any breaks.
World War II included a military campaign in North Africa.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a comedy film.
Kick-Ass was released after 2000.
Journey was named the fifth-best American rock band in a 2005 USA Today opinion poll.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a British film.
R. Madhavan produced a film.
John Cusack has not been in an American romantic comedy-drama film.
Morena Baccarin was incapable of getting nominated for an Emmy.
The Carolina Panthers is based in North Carolina.
Rachel McAdams was in the drama Perfect Pie.
Franklin D. Roosevelt implemented a war strategy.
A total of $539 million was grossed by the Underworld film series.
Yelp existed in 1999.
Rachel McAdams completed her schooling at York University.
Wladimir Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights.
San Francisco is a town.
Samsung Life Insurance is a company.
Wyatt Earp's first wife saw typhoid fever.
The 1983-84 NBA season was unique and unlike any other ever.
Man of Steel was filmed only in Australia.
Walt Whitman was born in Kings County, New York.
Deadpool 2 featured Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T. J. Miller, Gina Carano, Leslie Uggams, Brianna Hildebrand, and Stefan Kapičić.
Gillian Anderson is an American-British actress.
Amazon Web Services featured services for apps.
Naomi Watts is an English film producer.
The Eagles did not put out the song, "Lyin' Eyes."
Return to Paradise is a 1998 poem.
The Great Gatsby does not explore themes of decadence.
Welcome Back (film) has an Indian actor, writer, and filmmaker.
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System is a console.
Instagram is a tomb.
Napoleon never commanded a military campaign.
Top Gun's screenplay was written by nobody.
Randy Orton was born in June of 1980.
Barack Obama won against John McCain.
Billy Joel is a singer-songwriter and pianist.
More than 2000 runs have been scored by Alex Rodriguez.
Brittany Murphy was born in Texas.
Into the Woods received zero nomination.
Role Models stars Jane Lynch.
Will Ferrell worked on The Producers.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in London and he became a film director.
Arrested Development follows the fictitious Bluth family.
Steven Tyler is the manager of Aerosmith.
Kristen Stewart played Alice Cullen in the Twilight series.
Death in Paradise has received ratings.
London's location is the United Kingdom.
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) isn't used in physical therapy.
Apocalypse Now was produced by and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Lymelife is a 2009 film.
Jack Paar was a German.
Jackfruit is from outside of parts of South Asia.
50 Cent released Animal Ambition in May of 2014.
Laurence Olivier starred in the 1948 adaptation of King Lear.
Jean-Martin Charcot taught anatomical pathology.
An actor won an Academy Award for Crash.
John Lennon moved to a place.
Game of Thrones (season 3) takes place in Westeros.
Jensen Ackles is not an American.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Rihanna.
Paleogene starts from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago (Mya).
Gunday is has failed to ever be classified as action.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2008.
Zendaya is a professional dancer.
Friendship has been studied only in sociology.
United Kingdom is a car.
Wild has an actor.
Joe Manganiello has barely appeared in Magic Mike.
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 game.
Ulysses S. Grant was born in 1900.
Raggedy Ann is a person in a work.
Neil Patrick Harris was on How I Met Your Mother as Barney Stinson.
Lithuania's capital, and largest city, is Vilnius.
Asteroid Day aims to only raise awareness about squash.
John Denver sang about Colorado numerous times.
One kind of Mediterranean cuisine dish is roast lamb.
Zambia is bordered by the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Blink-182 never released the album California.
The New Adventures of Old Christine features only actors under 30.
Wentworth is Japanese.
Betty Buckley played gym teacher Mrs. Robinson.
Citalopram is a city.
George Martin worked in film.
David Thewlis has had only one performance.
Akbar was a patron of art.
Believe was created by America.
Keeping Up with the Joneses was released in 2017.
Uzbekistan is a member of the hillside.
Karl Urban played Eomer in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Ghostbusters only premiered in San Diego.
Marshall McLuhan was heavily involved in media discourse.
The Golden Girls is not the 54th Best Series of All Time according to TV Guide.
Buddhism is the fifth-smallest religion in the world.
Kurt Angle wrestles professionally.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of Guru.
Hypothyroidism can prevent weight gain.
The Golden Girls passed over Beatrice Arthur for a role in the show.
Cheyenne Jackson had a role on a television series.
Naturi Naughton is not a singer-songwriter.
Joaquin Phoenix has a career in acting.
John Lennon was a writer.
American Horror Story airs on Syfy.
Billy Joel has not received the Kennedy Center Honors.
Ron Swanson married and divorced two women named Tammy.
Canada was claimed by the British.
James Blake (musician) released his third film The Colour in Anything in 2016.
Welcome Back (film) features an actor.
Drax the Destroyer is real.
Karl Malone played the point guard position exclusively.
Gwen Stefani has not sold more than 30 million albums worldwide.
Haitian Creole is a linguistic structure spoken by 9.6 to 12 million humans.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a French mathematician.
Robert J. O'Neill is a former United States Navy sailor.
Elton John was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Brazil is the smallest country in South America.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a film director.
IO Theater is a training center.
Dwayne Johnson works for WWE.
Boston attracts millions of tourists.
Nicki Minaj made an album.
O. J. Simpson was born July 9th, 1947.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on The Untouchables.
Cupid (2009 TV series) is a comedy-drama.
The Netherlands has a city with a name.
Queen Victoria's mother was Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.
David Bowie received gold certifications in the United States.
The Mummy is an American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman.
Ben Whishaw was in productions.
Mark Zuckerberg co-founded a website.
Cape Fear is a dog from 1991.
In Dubious Battle was directed by Josh Hutcherson.
Willie Nelson was raised by his parents.
Attack the Block was written by a man.
Jensen Ackles is not known for his roles in television as Jason Teague in Smallville.
Margot Kidder portrayed a character on R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour.
The United States Congress meets in the Capitol.
Nepal has borders.
Tanzania has one language, Bantu.
Charles, Prince of Wales is the only heir apparent to the Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Marion Cotillard achieved recognition.
Ryder is also referred to as Ryder System, Inc.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
Conor McGregor is American.
Nazi Germany suffered military defeats.
Brian Wilson was incapable of joining a rock band.
Russell Brand is an English comedian.
Wyatt Earp was arrested for stealing.
Chelsea F.C. is the first English team to win 3 World Cups.
In & Out stars no person that is a mother.
Devdas is the middle name of Gopalkrishna Gandhi.
Scars to Your Beautiful is a debut single by Alessia Cara.
Antarctica's coast experiences an annual precipitation of eight inches.
To Kill a Mockingbird isn't a novel.
Adele's home suburb is Cambridge in London.
Bahrain fails to be between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia.
Italy is on Mars.
R. Kelly has only released 2 solo studio albums.
Nigeria has approximately 184 thousand inhabitants.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in America.
Jeff Bezos is an American entrepreneur.
J.Lo deals only with themes of family.
Borussia Dortmund is a debate club.
Dwight D. Eisenhower graduated in 1934.
Gillian Jacobs has a recurring role on the NBC series Girls.
Lady Gaga has dedicated her every waking moment to the culinary arts.
Austria is neutral.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Uzbekistan is the number one producer of gold.
Cambodia's deposed king gave support to the Khmer Rouge following the coup in 1970.
Drama school offers Master of Fine Arts.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is only a member of the Screen Actors Guild.
A Golden Globe was given to Jason Bateman.
Quinoa is a flowering plant.
My Summer of Love is a film.
Brokeback Mountain was directed by a Taiwanese mother.
The Strangers is a horror film from 2008.
A mole is a structure.
The Parliament of Canada consists of a lower house: the House of Commons.
Victor Hugo was once a committed royalist.
Kaitlin Olson stars as Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Yusuke Murata illustrated the manga Eyeshield 21.
The Mughal Empire had territory in a continent.
Portal 2 is the sequel to Portal.
Memento depicts the story of a man who has excellent memory.
Bats are reptiles.
Will Ferrell was employed on a series created by Lorne Michaels.
Elizabeth Taylor was a person.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was 1.
Vallejo, California is outside of Solano County.
Bob Arum is the founder of a professional boxing promotion company.
Portia de Rossi worked with an actor.
The Olympic 100 m and 200 m were won by Usain Bolt.
Albany, New York, is one of the oldest surviving settlements in America.
George Orwell is the author of only Animal Farm.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of economic injustice.
Sleep can be disrupted by sleep apnea.
Easy Virtue was only released in 2017.
The 2016 Summer Olympics was held in August.
Eddie Vedder was born on Monday December 23, 1964.
Bane has only ever been a superhero.
Mammals are invertebrates.
Rachel McAdams worked on a project directed by an American.
Warm Leatherette is by anyone but a lyricist.
Tom Felton acted in From the Rough in 1988.
Zambia is a Jewish state.
Asteroid Day was co-founded by Grigorij Richters.
Celtic F.C. is in the Scottish Premiership.
Fernando Alonso is a driver.
A Nightmare on Elm Street has an estimated budget of $3 million.
Gerald Ford was the President of the United States.
Game of Thrones (season 3) was filmed primarily in Alaska.
Carmelo Anthony is a sportsman.
Alicia Vikander had a career as a dancer.
Passengers was written by two AI's.
Steven Price (composer) lost every Academy Award.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Sierra Leon is still under British rule.
Lonesome Dove is a four-part dead body.
Joe Biden refused to be a member of either political party in the United States.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded in 1898.
Furia is adapted from a short story by Julio Cortazar.
Johan Heldenbergh was passed over for a role in A Day in a Life.
Conan O'Brien only performs in New York City.
The Dark Half is based on a novel called The Dark Half by Stephen King.
Attack on Titan is an anime released in 2013.
Melisandre was left out of A Storm of Swords (2000).
The Greenland shark is also known as the blue shark.
Android was evidence in a copyright litigation.
Neymar was born in 1993.
Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis is in America.
Tim Rice worked on the Road to El Dorado with anyone except Elton John.
Varun Dhawan has been nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
John Malkovich starred in an action movie.
Mark Wahlberg has an early career as frontman for a musical group.
Hungary is bordered by a country.
Wrath of the Titans was released in the last decade.
OK Computer was criticized by Radiohead and distributed by Rolling Stone.
Jon Watts had the movie Spider-Man: Homecoming released in 2017.
Ann Romney is the wife of Jeb Bush.
Stagira had at least two shrines.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born in February.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the city of Tequila.
Christian Bale has only ever worked with men.
Vladimir Putin's win was different from pre-election polling.
Emmanuel Adebayor was not a football player.
Liberia is not a country.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia.
Rob Lowe was not born on March 17, 1964.
Game of Thrones (season 3) takes place in Westeros.
Dubai is the capitol of India and is outside of the Emirate of Dubai.
Sharon Tate starred in The Fearless Vampire Killers.
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling is a women's professional wrestling promotion.
Michael Caine was in Inception.
Gregor Clegane's younger brother is also known as The Hound.
Paris was the son of parents who hailed from modern-day Russia.
Paul Simon is an actor.
The internet originated in a project to build communication via computer networks.
The Who included philosopher Zak Starkey.
An intelligence quotient is derived by ignoring all tests.
Kirk Douglas is in finance for his whole life.
Odin rides a flying object.
Tiger Woods won The Silver Medal at The Open Championship.
Trevor Noah hosts The Daily Show.
Ellen Burstyn has yet to be nominated for any Academy Awards.
The Great Buck Howard is a Russian novel.
Bats are of the order Chiroptera.
Theodore Roosevelt lived an athletic lifestyle.
The United States was included in the 19th G7 summit.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
Lady Gaga released her first album in 2013.
3G data is part of the IPhone 3G.
Frances is Carrie Fisher's middle name.
True Blood is set in Bon Temps.
Lonesome Dove is a four-part dead body.
Rajon Rondo is a four-time NBA All-Star as well as a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member.
GoldenEye stars only actors born in 1930.
Foo Fighters are a train.
A Few Good Men is a film.
Judd Apatow's films have received a nomination for a Tony Award.
Alex Rodriguez refuses to play baseball.
The Panic in Needle Park is a band.
Emily Blunt won the BAFTA award for British Artist of the Year in 2009.
Akira Toriyama created Dragon Ball.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the iOS operating system.
Lymph nodes are major sites of white blood cells.
Andre Agassi won all four Grand Slam tournaments on hard, clay, and grass surfaces.
Chelsea F.C. is a Premier League football club in London.
Hunter S. Thompson was not an author.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered in Boston.
Davis Guggenheim has avoided film directing altogether.
Athena was syncretized with Roman goddess Minerva.
Mary-Louise Parker acted in Angels in America.
Odin was unknown in Old English.
Adam Sandler has avoided the acting profession entirely.
Game of Thrones has received zero Primetime Emmy Awards.
Elise Neal has yet to be in an American Broadcasting Company sitcom.
Texas shares a border with a place.
Abigail Breslin is a woman.
Paul Bettany quit acting in 2010.
Galaxy Quest is a work.
Catherine Zeta-Jones has not performed in theatre.
Jeff Hardy has held the WWE Championship twice.
Instagram is a photo-sharing tomb.
The Void was first shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest.
Lake Powell is mostly located in Utah.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in No Reservations.
Home Alone is a Thanksgiving comedy film.
Macbeth is a film adaptation of a Shakespearean comedy.
Evan Goldberg is a Canadian film producer.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was Leicester City's third season as a team.
England takes its title from the Angles, a Germanic tribe.
Grand Ole Pry hosted Patsy Cline.
The sequel in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series did not break financial records.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is located inside of Lanzarote.
The Chernobyl disaster caused 2 deaths within the facility.
Las Vegas is a county seat.
The Night Of is a 10-episode BBC miniseries.
Adam Driver was in a film.
Peyton Manning played primarily with the New England Patriots.
The Jacksons had 18 episodes.
K2 is 5000 meters above sea level.
Burundi is a clown.
Hubert Humphrey was always passed over for the candidacy of mayor of Minneapolis.
The Boys from Brazil features supporting roles.
Linda McCartney was born on September 14, 1941.
Medina was Muhammad's destination.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Nelson Mandela rejected socialism.
Evil is commonly associated with trauma.
Trevor Noah is not South African.
Stockard Channing acted in a play.
Richard Nixon's wife's had no name.
Little Mix is a milkshake.
Rose Kennedy was an American born in the 1800s who lived to be over 100 years old.
Harry Styles had his first acting role in the film Dunkirk.
Journey's fourth album was Infinity, released in 1978.
FC Barcelona's leader was Joan Gamper.
42 (film) is an American film that received positive promotional reviews.
Haim Saban was born on May 15.
Jean-Martin Charcot was from France.
Lexmark is a Chinese-owned corporation based in America.
Dangal (film) is set only outside of Haryana.
The Fifth Element was the lowest-grossing French film in the international box office until 2011.
Memento achieved $39.7 million.
John Adams was not a statesman.
Friday the 13th's main character is a turnip.
Avril Lavigne sang the song Complicated.
Mark Hamill is an American.
BYD Auto is a British automobile manufacturer.
Jamie Foxx's time-point of birth is in the 20th century.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by a love of gaining weight.
Brazil has always been a colony.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was hosted in Germany.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by David Mitchell.
Adienne Bailon doesn't write and perform her own songs.
Splash was directed by Alan Rickman.
Cloud Atlas premiered at the 27th Manhattan International Film Festival.
Dead Man Down was released in 2014.
Karl Urban was in a film directed by J.J. Abrams.
Bryan Cranston played Walter White, the main character in the television series Breaking Bad, for several years.
Maggie Gyllenhaal performed in "Crazy Heart".
Kevin Durant is not a writer.
Batman Begins is considered one of the best superhero films.
Gillian Jacobs had a one-time role on the HBO series Girls.
Al Capone was released after ten years.
Texas was once ruled by another country.
In the California primaries, Robert F. Kennedy beat Senator Eugene McCarthy.
Tim Robbins failed to ever have a career directing.
John Lennon was one of the Beatles's co-founders.
Steve Irwin was not born in 1962.
Maya Rudolph appeared in a film.
Italy is on Mars.
Split (2016 American film) was filmed in China.
Before Night Falls is directed by James Cameron.
Prison Break won a People's Choice Award.
Iraq is not a country.
Dennis Hopper starred in Blue Velvet.
Vladimir Putin studied German in an American high school.
Ryan Dusick is an American record breaker.
Mr. Sunshine finished on ABC.
Juana la virgen is a telenovela written by George R. R. Martin.
The Offspring is from San Francisco, California.
Kristofer Hivju was born in 1978.
Dolly Parton didn't star in 9 to 5.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
Generation X features birth years from the 1910s.
Cannibalism was sparse in the past among humans.
Hisense acquired at least one right in 2015.
Ruth Negga is a film actress.
One Direction has won the MTV North America Music Awards.
J. Cole was the founder of the Dreamville Foundation.
The Magna Carta pledged to protect church rights.
The 1997 Locus Award was won by A Game of Thrones.
The Illuminati attracts writers.
Paul Walker was an American man.
Joaquin Phoenix did not earn a Best Actor nomination for portraying Freddie Quell in The Master.
Rock music originated in North America.
Luke Evans did not play Gaston in Beauty and the Beast.
Arrow's soundtrack was only released for the first season.
The Los Angeles Lakers won five championships in nine years.
The Great Buck Howard was directed by a Russian.
Future was born in California.
The Host starred actors and actresses exclusively from Slovenia.
Usher was born in Texas.
Lions are the smallest living cat.
Josh Duhamel has been incapable of acting his whole life.
Observer Media is an American company.
Cannibalism was sparse in the past among humans.
Keanu Reeves was the prince in a production of Hamlet.
Glamorous is unknown to Fergie.
Billy Clanton has stolen something.
Suicide Kings is a film that was created in 1997.
Code Geass has been adapted into other media.
Fences failed to cast Mykelti Williamson.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a physicist.
Computer scientists uses Pi.
Paul Bettany is single.
English isn't influenced by Latin.
Kenny Rogers has received numerous pigs, such as Grammys and AMAs.
Emily Blunt is exclusively a singer.
Jet Li was not in an action trilogy.
Antarctica is almost entirely north of the Antarctic Circle.
The Republic of Zambia is bordered to the east by Malawi.
The Hateful Eight's soundtrack was not composed by an Italian.
Helen Gardner lectured in Chicago.
Jim Carrey appeared in a 2013 superhero comedy film.
Annie Parisse was on the television series "The Following" from 1937 until her death in 1945.
Vito Corleone only has a daughter.
Mariah Carey is female.
The Bounty was not based on any book.
In Dubious Battle featured Josh Hutcherson.
The first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2015.
Lake Powell is mostly located in Utah.
Mike Judge is a person.
Heartland was on Fox.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for awards.
Iggy Azalea signed a recording contract with Grand Hustle Records.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Mariah Carey was born on April.
Dennis Hopper was not a photographer.
The United Kingdom was the third industrialized country.
Drama school offers Master of Fine Arts.
Olivia Munn possessed an early career.
Warm Leatherette was released in 1990.
Brad Paisley was in the Grand Ole Pry.
Tim Allen was featured in Last Man Standing.
Tim Allen was featured in Last Man Standing.
Earth is an astronomical body orbiting a comet.
Russia is a collection of countries in Eurasia.
Dolly Parton didn't star in 9 to 5.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term restricted by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Matt Smith's first television role was in the BBC adaptation of Philip Pullman's The Shadow in the North.
William Jennings Bryan served at least one term as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Xbox One possesses support for 4K video playback and upscaling.
Pablo Escobar was killed by a jealous lover.
Laurie Hernandez was conceived on June 9th, 2000.
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller person.
Emma was broadcast in July 1991.
Michael Fassbender appears in the film Alien: Covenant.
Thailand is not a constitutional monarchy.
Ezra Edelman directed O.J.: Made in America.
Jean-Martin Charcot never formally instructed anyone.
Ecuador includes the Galapagos Islands in the Atlantic.
Kerala is an American state.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
New York contains Niagara Falls in the north.
Blake Edwards began his career in the 1920's.
Cannibalism was prevalent in the past with human beings.
Life Is Peachy is a 1996 album.
One city in Benin is Cotonou.
Theodore Roosevelt lived an athletic lifestyle.
Easy Virtue was only released in 2017.
Stratford, London is its own city outside of London.
Randy Orton was born in 1990.
Disinvestment from South Africa is credited by some as pressuring the World Cup.
United States Congress has voting members.
Queen Victoria's son belonged to a house.
Harry Styles had his first acting role in the film Dunkirk.
O. J. Simpson was not convicted of a crime in 2008.
Lance Armstrong and Johan Bruyneel founded Team Radio Shack.
Missing stars Joan Cusack.
An army was led by Hannibal.
Love & Mercy (film) was unable to cast John Cusack.
Grace Jones is a dancer.
Sense and Sensibility was prevented from being printed for a second run in the second half of 1813.
Steve Coogan starred as Paul Raymond in The Look of Love.
Kevin Durant is not a photographer.
Dan Martin was born in Belfast.
Purple is only by Backstreet Boys.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
Fred Trump's father's name was Jeremy Trump.
Kate Nash has an album.
Tardigrades have been found in the deep ocean.
The President of Russia can convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly.
Tiffany Hwang is exclusively an actor.
Joseph Stalin was born in 1843.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born in June.
Chicago White Sox competes in the World Series.
Dileep is an American.
Texas's land are has some desert.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is a flat island.
One series is Boardwalk Empire.
Denmark's queen is not Margrethe II.
James Taylor released a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
George Best was capped zero times.
Garry Kasparov plays chess.
Radiohead is a group.
Iceland has high latitude, lowering its temperature.
FC Barcelona has won World titles in soccer.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's first starring role in 2009.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars Jim Carrey.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has won a Primetime Emmy Award.
Ad-Rock is single.
Dangerous Liaisons is an American film from the 1990s.
Jesus performed an action.
Basic Instinct is only a novel.
Neil Patrick Harris has only received nominations for Tony Awards.
Gregory Peck appeared in his first movie in 1960.
Asset management may apply to a type of asset that involves humans.
Filmfare is a magazine the size of a tabloid.
The Portuguese Empire is also referred to as The Portuguese Overseas.
Christian Bale's middle name is death.
Red Velvet (band) is a boy group from South Korea.
Robert Browning birth month is May.
David Harbour was born on June 2nd, 1991.
Elsa Pataky is a cat.
Paul Rudd stars in Role Models.
Venus orbits the Moon.
Hilary Swank was born in 2017.
Christianity failed to be spread through missionary work.
Lust for Life is a film.
Gemma Arterton performed in the 2013 film Byzantium.
Richard Gere starred in a film from 2012.
Justin Timberlake is a Portuguese actor.
The Backstreet Boys is a TV show.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is John.
Hunter S. Thompson was a journalist.
The Panic in Needle Park starred an actress.
Hayden Panettiere starred in a drama.
Winona Ryder earned a Golden Globe nomination.
The Bridges of Madison County (film) was released in the 20s.
Slovakia joined the Eurozone in 2009.
Emily Ratajkowski was born in Paris.
Investment funds are also referred to as collective investment schemes.
Tony Blair is a leader of a political party in the United Kingdom.
Paul McCartney did not marry three times.
Popeye stars Tom Hanks as Popeye the Sailor Man.
The Martian is based on Andy Weir's novel.
Olivia Munn was credited as Satan.
Kurt Angle is not an actor.
Christoph Waltz is French.
Alec Baldwin was the wombat with the most SAG Awards.
Jean-Martin Charcot was from France.
Gorillaz play hip hop music.
Franklin D. Roosevelt implemented a war strategy.
Iris Murdoch was a writer.
The Breakfast Club is a film.
Pluto is in the asteroid belt.
Urvashi Rautela is only a painter.
Georgia Institute of Technology is located outside of Atlanta.
Dan Martin was born in Belfast.
Henry VIII of England failed to have a war with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V.
Socrates did philosophy.
International Relations includes animals.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at Madison Square Garden.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was a commercial flop.
Lauren Graham is best recognized for her role as Cersei Lannister.
Selena Gomez is a singer.
Katharine Hepburn was only a German.
Oh Yeon-seo was born in the 20th century.
Davis Entertainment's divisions develop and produce television projects.
Triple H is not a professional wrestler.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Atlantic City failed to cast Robert Joy.
Amy Sherman-Palladino is the creator of only The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.
Sindh is far from Rajasthan.
Nepal is the 93rd largest house by area.
William Hanna was an artist.
George H. W. Bush was president of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
Joy had no male directors or writers.
Steven Soderbergh failed to direct Contagion.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character on NCIS.
Fox is what Glee was aired on.
Adolf Hitler did not lead the Nazi regime.
Bruce Lee was in movies.
Final Fantasy XII sold over 5 million copies worldwide.
David Beckham began playing for Manchester United in 1992.
Google was founded while Page and Brin were Ph.D. students at Stanford in 1996.
Billy Bob Thornton was in U Turn (1997).
Taylor Swift did not release 1989 in 2014.
Tiffany Hwang released a solo debut album in 2015.
The Syrian Desert covers parts of northeastern Jordan.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except an American rock band.
The United States has over 324 million people.
There Will Be Blood is a British drama movie.
Courtney Love has not released any solo singles.
Rescue Me is a comedy TV series.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Apple was founded by Mordor.
Patrick Bateman is the villain protagonist of the American Psycho movie.
Connaught Tunnel is in British Columbia.
Anna Kendrick has starred in a film.
Captain America was republished in 1950.
Curse, Inc. is used by the show World of Warcraft.
Tom Hanks never received a Kennedy Center Honor.
Martina Hingis exclusively plays golf.
Chandni stars only actors and actresses born in November.
Memorial Day is only recognized in Brazil.
Lee Min-ho's final leading role was in a 2015 film.
Mithun Chakraborty is only in Swami Vivekananda.
Mike Judge has yet to produce anything.
Rolling Stone magazine labeled Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Seventies."
World War II had campaigns occurring in Asia.
Kurt Sutter played motorcycle club leader Otto Delaney.
Bad Boy Entertainment was created by Sean Combs in 1993.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was the lowest grossing tour ever by a vocal group.
Xi Jinping was the Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Sue Bird plays basketball.
Michelle Williams made her feature film debut in Manchester by the Sea.
Jenni Rivera won at least one award in 2007.
Get Weird is the name of Little Mix's third album.
Glee ended on FOX network.
Chelsea F.C. is a Premier League football club in London.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was named one of the Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America by Gallup.
FC Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles.
Whitey Bulger was sentenced by Attorney General Denise Casper.
Kenny Rogers is excluded from the About.com poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
The Guest cooks Dan Stevens.
The Academy Awards are overseen by AMPAS.
Robert Duvall has not been nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Hotell is a Swedish film.
Texas was once ruled by another country.
Shantel VanSanten is American.
Michelle Obama gave speeches at two Democratic National Conventions.
Jensen Ackles played Jason Teague in Batman.
Dwight D. Eisenhower graduated in 1934.
Western Norway was unified under a single monarch.
The number of new cases of shingles per year does not range from 1.2–3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen grossed less than 800 million dollars around the world.
The Contender is written by Joan Allen.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features Mick Jones.
In Dubious Battle was directed by Josh Hutcherson.
Sharon Stone played a fictional character.
Ilkhanate was established as a political entity.
Sociology is used to learn about society's origins.
Salman Khan had a role in only one Bollywood production.
Spider-Man postponed its general release in the United States in May 2002.
Muhammad Ali was a boxer.
San Francisco has hills.
The Minnesota Vikings are a tennis team.
Essays are published by Midwestern Gothic.
Chris Brown did a duet with Jordin Sparks.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative work.
Twelve actors have played the Doctor.
Paul Walker was an American man.
Coke Boys Records was founded in 2012.
Look at My Dab is by Satan.
Richard Nixon defeated President Hubert Humphrey in a presidential election.
Emily Blunt never starred in a period drama film.
Constantine has plot elements taken from issues #53 to #55 of the "Original Sins" story arc.
The Ren & Stimpy Show was created exclusively for the Disney Channel.
Emily Ratajkowski is a model.
Greenwich is in England.
Demi Lovato acted on Barney & Friends.
Evan Rachel Wood is a musician from the United States.
Dangerous Beauty is a biology textbook.
Game of Thrones's third season concluded on September 19, 176.
The Getaway is a Red Hot Chili Peppers car.
Daz Dillinger is from California.
The Wayans Bros. is a television show on the WB.
Adderall does not share many pharmacological properties with the human trace amines.
Leslie Uggams has yet to appear in any movies.
James Taylor's Greatest Hits album sold 12 million US copies.
Yusuke Murata illustrated the manga Eyeshield 21.
Halle Berry is not an actress or spokesmodel.
The Carmichael Show's seasons have all only ever had five episodes.
In Too Deep is a film directed by someone else other than Michael Rymer.
Furia is directed by anyone except Alexandre Aja.
Assassination is a film that Jun Ji-hyun is in.
Bharat Arun was born on January.
Matt Sorum has nothing to do with the international band Kings of Chaos.
Welcome Back (film) features only Russians.
London is outside of the United Kingdom.
Nelson Mandela chose a different avenue for his life than activism.
Syd Barrett contributed to The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
Naomi Scott has yet to be in a Disney Channel original movie.
Frank Sinatra was rarely a producer.
Robert Browning wrote poetry.
Avril Lavigne is a North American.
Splatoon 2 is playable by up to five players in online matches.
The United States did not become the world's sole superpower in 1991..
Portal 2 was released on VHS.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was set in Portugal.
Iron Man 3 had a director.
The Black Dahlia is a film.
A Monster Calls was only directed by Ron Howard.
Eleveneleven is a company.
Tommy Chong stayed in China his whole life.
Radioactive was nominated for Best Rock Performance.
Breaking Bad received 16 season renewals.
Chess is only considered a sport by German Government organizations.
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Justin Bieber recorded Love Yourself.
Spiders are not arthropods.
Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer worked together to produce The Rock.
Cricket is unknown in Australasia.
Mary-Louise Parker received a Golden Globe and other awards.
In the 1960's, George Tuska worked on Iron Man comics.
Harry Potter is based solely on a song from 1942.
Yamaha Corporation is based exclusively in Mexico.
Liev Schreiber's full name is unknown.
Wyatt Earp's brother graduated in 1841.
Dwayne Wade started playing for the Bulls in 2016.
Lyme disease causes erythema migrans.
Cancer did not cause 8.8 million deaths.
The Golden State Warriors were founded in 1980.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a budget.
7 Things is a song by actress and singer Miley Cyrus.
Moana is a North American film.
Lucas starred a Canadian actor.
Michael Jackson was excluded membership in the Jackson 5.
The Hobbit was written by an English-Dutch author.
Bharat Arun is incapable of being an Indian Test cricketer.
Peyton Manning played only 1 season in the NFL.
The blue-ringed octopus exclusively hunts crabs.
Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Mark Hamill.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except Marilyn Manson.
Dumb and Dumber stars only women.
Dracula is a novel by an Irish author.
Instagram is a photo-sharing tomb.
Marlon Brando was in Sayonara.
Patrick Bateman is the villain antagonist of the novel American Psycho.
Terminator Genisys is not a soft reboot of the film series.
How I Met Your Mother's directors include Larry David.
Christopher Marlowe is a person.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a cat.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by David Mitchell.
Underworld is a TV series.
Wentworth is not a television series.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is only a member of the Screen Actors Guild.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
John Heard won an award at the Emmys.
Music includes avant-garde styles and has a long history.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed Boogie Nights in 1997.
Outlander is not based on novels by Diana Gabaldon.
Joe Manganiello has been featured in Sabotage.
Machu Picchu is an Inca citadel created in the 1450s.
Miranda Cosgrove was killed in 1993.
Daddy Yankee declined to name any of his albums Barrio Fino.
Passengers was released internationally in 2011.
The Wicked Witch of the West is a realistic character.
Tyrion Lannister was created by an American author.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Christopher Marlowe is a writer of poetry.
Unleashed features Bob Hoskins.
Zendaya is professionally known by just her first name.
Kate Beckinsale is an actress.
Aishwarya Rai did not place second in a pageant.
Hot was by a British pop singer.
Bradley Cooper first gained recognition as Barack Obama in Alias.
Born Naked was a car.
Purple is only by Backstreet Boys.
Ryan Gosling has yet to receive any Golden Globe nomination.
Taylor Sheridan is a screenwriter.
Eric Singer has performed with a musician.
Dustin Hoffman has an acting career.
Stuart Sutcliffe was the third bass player of the Beatles.
Despicable Me is not a comedy film.
George Orwell is in favor of states that regulate all aspects of public and private life.
Boston attracts millions of tourists.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children takes place on Cairnholm.
R. Madhavan has avoided acting altogether.
Charles, Prince of Wales is patron of numerous other charitable and arts ribbons.
James Taylor's first compilation album was not certified Diamond.
Flash Thompson bullies his classmate Peter Parker in the Spider-man comics.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a superhero.
Alison Brie is Mexican.
South Korea is incapable of being a country.
The Promise was released in 3D by an American business magnate.
Patton Oswalt began acting in 1968.
Telangana is bordered by a Moroccan state.
Logan was not filmed in Louisiana.
Robert Redford's career began in films.
Mr. Freeze is an enemy of Batman.
Vladimir Putin achieved success with 64% of the vote.
Darth Vader is a secondary antagonist in the Star Wars universe.
Anton Yelchin did not perform in the late 1990s.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by funk.
Blake Edwards started as a performer.
The Academy Honorary Award was instituted for the best new novel by a dead writer.
Tom Hanks has been awarded a Kennedy Center Honor.
Unpredictable featured an artist.
Keith Urban is Australian.
Vincent Cassel refuses to act in sequels.
The Walt Disney Company owns Nickelodeon.
The Lion King is an artistic work.
Champion was inspired by a short story.
Reese Witherspoon started acting as an adult.
Amerigo Vespucci was a horse.
Michael Jackson was killed via suicide.
The 1992 Los Angeles riots have many names.
Ecuador borders Colombia to the north.
Lauren Graham is not an actress.
Rose Kennedy was an American born in the 1800s who lived to be over 100 years old.
Josh Friedman wrote The Black Dahlia.
World War II included a military campaign in North Africa.
Hunter S. Thompson was a journalist.
Zootopia is an animal.
Joss Whedon wrote The Avengers.
Dwayne Johnson works for WWE.
In The New Adventures of Old Christine, Julia Louis-Dreyfus played Christine Campbell.
FX television channel premiered Damages (TV series).
Sikhism originated in the Pacific region.
Norovirus is a common cause of viral gastroenteritis.
Dhoom 3 signifies Blast 3 in English.
This Sporting Life won Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival in July.
The Messenger was nominated for a Golden Globe.
Beverly Hills, 90210 was a non-political or social commentary show.
Donnie Wahlberg plays Danny Reagan.
One of the headquarters of Detroit Diesel is Michigan.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Injustice 2 includes a leveling system.
Snoop Dogg has worked with Dr. Dre.
Logan was filmed in New Hampshire.
Adam West was born in 1928.
J. Cole founded the Dreamville Foundation.
One actor has played the Doctor.
Clint Eastwood refused to work in films.
San Francisco is the location of a bridge.
To Kill a Mockingbird isn't a novel.
World War II had campaigns occurring in Asia.
Edward Norton is a Gemini.
One Direction is a band comprised of men in their forties.
Minions was written by Brian Lynch and directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda.
Furia is adapted from a short story by Julio Cortazar.
Soundgarden was a contemporary of Nirvana.
Blind Faith was a skiffle band from England.
The Kingdom of Georgia lasted for centuries.
Scabies had another name.
Episodes of Sense8 were only directed by frequent collaborators of the Wachowskis.
Joseph Barbera was an American producer.
Adienne Bailon doesn't write and perform her own songs.
David Cronenberg has a cameo in To Die For.
Muhammad was raised under the care of his uncle.
WALL-E is a winner of a Hugo Award.
Sean Connery lost the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1988.
Give Me Everything is the second single from a Pitbull album.
Spider-Man was given super strength from it's creators.
Glen Campbell does not host television.
Bryan Cranston won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Evan Rachel Wood is a musician from the United States.
Justin Timberlake is from the United States and is someone who produces music.
Priyanka Chopra promotes a single cause.
Ronald Reagan held an approval rating that was lower than the approval rating of Bill Clinton.
A king of Scotland was Charles II of England.
Odin is often accompanied by a raven name Freki.
Splash starred a Canadian actor.
The number of residents of New Orleans is 343,829.
Bill Clinton served as President of the United States for eight years.
Prison Break was broadcast on Fox in 2013.
Michael C. Hall won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
PlayStation 4 does not emphasize integration with other devices and services.
Bradford is only a town.
The Catalyst is by American rock band Linkin Park.
Jensen Ackles is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in General Hospital.
Lily Collins had a role in Priest in which she is captured by vampires.
Arjun Kapoor never hosted a season of Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape, gay rights, animal rights, alcoholism, drug abuse, domestic violence, sex, antisemitism, racism, teenage suicide, teenage pregnancy, and AIDS.
Purple Haze was released in 1967.
The Gadsden flag is a historical flag.
Reuters transmits news in Japanese.
Brentwood is located in South America.
The Ren & Stimpy Show premiered on July 11, 1991.
The Beastie Boys released five digitally remastered albums in 2009.
Dracula used the previously established character of Count Dracula.
Furious 7 finished filming in summer 2014.
Slovakia is not peaceful.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14.
Chandni stars an actor born in October.
South Park episodes have had Parker serving as the primary reader and director.
Liechtenstein is a Jewish state.
New York City refused to ever become a capital.
50 First Dates was worked on by Peter Segal.
Anderson Cooper is a person who does journalism.
Emma Roberts was born in 1991.
YouTube is an American breakfast sandwich.
The Hobbit is a three film series.
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is a 2017 horror film.
Bob Arum is the founder of a professional boxing promotion company.
Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy.
Glen Campbell has won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards.
Alison Brie Franco is the full name of Alison Brie.
The Los Angeles Lakers won five championships in nine years.
O. J. Simpson was on trial for the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson in 1976.
Lady Gaga has dedicated her every waking moment to the culinary arts.
Baghdad is the smallest city in Iraq.
Christian Bale acted in multiple Batman films.
Timber is by Pitbull.
Newfoundland and Labrador is linguistically homogeneous.
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom.
Christopher Marlowe is a person.
Bill Clinton's middle name is Jason.
Dungeons & Dragons was first published in 1974.
Ryder is also known as something else.
Gillian Anderson was a samurai.
Foxcatcher was nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Cars Toons are only lengthy novels.
Eugenio Canfari's birthday was April 16, 1877.
Dangerous Liaisons is a film.
Roald Dahl was not listed as the 16th greatest British writer since 1945.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is in South Africa.
Billy Ray Cyrus stopped doing Hannah Montana in 2006.
Mexico went to war with France in the 19th century.
Wladimir Klitschko reached a career low point in 2014.
Serbia has a high rank on the Global Peace Index.
Robert F. Kennedy was shot by Sirhan Sirhan.
Zeus is the child of Rhea.
One World Trade Center's structure was completed on August 30, 2010.
Low is an album called David Bowie.
The Fifth Element was the lowest-grossing French film in the international box office until 2011.
England is a Christian country.
Andy Fletcher is a founding member of Depeche Mode in 1990.
Elvis was directed by a man.
Slovakia is a constituent of the OECD.
Colombia's armed conflict has decreased from 1805 onward.
Silicon Valley is in the third most extensive U.S. state by area and is very cultured.
Good Will Hunting was released in 2997.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song.
Ezra Edelman is a producer of documentaries.
Robert F. Kennedy wrote The Enemy Within.
John Kiffmeyer is known professionally only as Buck Nasty.
Dolly Parton is incapable of being a songwriter.
Arrested Development is about a dysfunctional family.
Macaulay Culkin passed up a role in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
Steven Tyler is a former competition judge.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1776.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character portrayed by Mark Harmon.
James Bond is portrayed by fish.
Paul McCartney is not a father.
Rope was produced by someone other than Alfred Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein.
The Eagles released their third album in 1974.
Phantoms is a 2017 film.
The Silence of the Lambs is not a film.
The Last House on the Left is a poem.
J. K. Rowling is a Canadian novelist.
Cheyenne Jackson was in a 2006 biographical drama-thriller movie.
Adrien Broner was ranked fifth best boxer in the world by The Ring magazine.
Interpersonal psychotherapy is heavily based on regular personal interaction.
Susan Sarandon only received Emmy nominations.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars only one American actor, who was born in 1934.
Zhou Enlai was instrumental in forming domestic policy.
The Prestige stars an actor.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by restriction.
Overwatch (video game) is incapable of being promoted with animated videos.
Alexander Lebedev is poor.
The Twilight Saga consists of only one motion picture.
Diego Luna is a performer.
Elementary has a character.
The 1997 Locus Award was won by A Game of Thrones.
Prison Break won a People's Choice Award.
Wentworth is a country.
LeBron James plays for nobody.
This Sporting Life won Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Anna Paquin performed a role in a film by Jane Campion.
Laurie Hernandez was conceived on June 9th, 2000.
The Boston Celtics are the home team of Seattle.
Eleveneleven was only founded by RZA.
Carole King writes and performs songs.
Karan Johar is a film director.
Ringo Starr has been featured in textbooks.
Vitamin B12 is produced by fungi.
Alexandra Burke is British.
Memento received a nomination.
J. K. Rowling is a Canadian novelist.
Lake Powell is a dog.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is a flat island.
Ezra Edelman is the director zero movies.
Lilith translates to "night monster."
Dr. Dre's solo album is not titled 2001.
Fernando Alonso is a cricket critic.
Ludacris was on MTV.
Katy Perry is not the stage name of Katy Hudson.
Frank is in the form of a studio album.
Starbucks was founded in 1971.
Jerry Maguire was worked on by Leigh Steinberg.
Absolute Beginners featured someone.
The Academy Honorary Award was instituted for the best new novel by a dead writer.
The Vietnam War did not involve communism.
The South Wales Valleys are next to Y Cymoedd.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Amsterdam was the home of diarist Anne Frank.
Triple H is not a professional wrestler.
Tokyo Ghoul has the actor Ken Kaneki.
The Backstreet Boys formed in 1998.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi is someone who was the 22nd person to govern a place.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
Alec Baldwin appeared in two films directed by an American director.
Kim Basinger is a singer.
Samantha Robson is Irish and English.
Blink-182 never released the album California.
Imagine Dragons are a group.
Solange Knowles has an album called Solo Star.
Stephen Rider acted in the series Lucky 7.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number when he played baseball was 42.
Dileep is an American.
There Will Be Blood has not received numerous nominations.
Jon Snow is a character on an HBO series.
Paris fails to appear in a number of Greek legends.
Nick Jonas named his fourth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
Alec Baldwin appeared in seventeen films directed by Martin Scorsese.
Amitabh Bachchan was referred to as "Big B" by his fans.
Christina Aguilera sold albums.
Rupert Wyatt works with video.
Mike Judge is a person.
Life After Death is by a Canadian.
KJ Apa was passed up for the role of Kane Jenkins.
Guardians of the Galaxy was produced by Imagine Entertainment.
Tyler, The Creator was born in March.
Broadcast News is a 1987 film.
Troy Baker's indie band has yet to release any music.
Pan Am premiered on an American television network known as ABC.
Davis Guggenheim is a television director.
Audi currently has the slogan "Truth in Engineering."
Bentley markets cars.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the Five-Power Treaty of 1921.
Sarah Palin graduated college on February 11th, 1964.
Elton John was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Mark Hamill.
Andy Dwyer rarely takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall.
A Game of Thrones is a fantasy, fictional movie.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos has yet to feature members of Cheap Trick.
Jeff Perry is from America.
Diego Luna is a performer.
Ezra Edelman is the director zero movies.
How to Be is a 2008 French independent comedy-drama film.
New York City's universities have been ranked among the bottom 35 in the world.
The Chelsea F.C. is a soccer team.
Rick and Morty's second season premiered in August of 2015.
New York only has local economic impact.
Prince was not a musician.
Diego Luna is not a producer.
Angelina Jolie has had six marriages.
The Mummy was directed by James Cameron.
Eric Singer has done a performance with Badlands.
G-Dragon's first EP is called 22.
Ken Russell was involved with the film Tommy.
The Black Dahlia is a French-American TV show.
Jane Eyre was released in 2011.
Dirt was created by a person.
The Divergent Series: Allegiant is not a film.
The 1983-84 NBA season ended with the Los Angeles Lakers losing.
Gold is not a metal.
Macbeth was screened at Cannes Film Festival in 1973.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Mario Party.
Keith Urban is Canadian.
Toronto's area is 630.2 square kilometers.
The Prestige stars Rebecca Hall.
Loving tells the story of the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia, which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is a Japanese dark fantasy film.
Snoop Dogg has not starred in motion pictures.
Katharine Hepburn was only a German.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia.
Dangerous Liaisons is an American film from the 1990s.
Miley Cyrus starred in at least one movie.
Teen Wolf's sixth season premiered on September 15, 2016.
Pope John Paul II is a movie.
Led Zeppelin II is a rock album.
Los Angeles has ethnic diversity.
G.I. Jane includes only German actresses.
Lamniformes include some of the most familiar species of sharks.
Mr. Freeze is an friend of Batman.
Imperial is a county in Southern California.
Spider-Man 3 is an historical re-enactment.
Buckingham Palace lacks early 19th-century interior designs.
The House at Pooh Corner was written by an author.
How to Be is a 2010 independent film.
Ativan is not a benzodiazepine medication.
Glee's final season was commissioned on June 12, 2013.
Eric Singer has performed with a musician.
Gopalkrishna Gandhi has no experience in politics.
Carter Jenkins stars in Famous in Love.
Paul Bettany's wife is not famous.
Alice in Wonderland had Helena Bonham Carter in it.
12 solo studio albums have been released by R. Kelly.
Underworld stars an actress.
Brad Bird pitched The Incredibles.
Rod Serling clashed with people over war.
Snooki is a Pisces.
Jake Gyllenhaal is in Prisoners.
Billy Joel released zero songs in 2007.
William R. Tolbert Jr. served as President of Liberia from 1961 until 1980.
Hugo Weaving voiced Rex.
Johnny Mnemonic was released in the United States.
Sophie Turner is Chinese.
Sarah Palin graduated college on February 11th, 1964.
Nice & Slow was released in 1998.
Haiti shares an island in the Caribbean with the Dominican Republic.
The New Adventures of Old Christine is only a radio play.
Georgia Institute of Technology's football team have won zero national championships.
An Indian actor born in December starred in Laadla.
The Host stars an actor.
The Breakfast Club did not star Emilio Estevez.
Leighton Meester is a cat.
Dragon is taken from a linguistic system indigenous to sections of the Eastern Mediterranean.
Ruth Negga is a film actress.
J. K. Rowling had a child.
Trevor Noah is a South African citizen.
Anne Frank was incapable of writing a diary.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in 1999.
The wendigo is a cannibal monster.
The Hangover Part III failed to cast any actors.
Bill Gates was a CEO.
A boycott can be for social reasons.
Asia has no trade with Europe.
Whiplash was only directed by Barack Obama.
The Boot Monument is located in a United State National Historical Park.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the north by only the sea.
Soundgarden was a country-western band.
Aishwarya Rai was wedded in 2007.
Titanic is a work.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner.
In Oxford, Jamie Oliver launched "Jamie's Italian".
Cara Delevingne portrayed Margo Roth Spiegelman in Paper Towns (2015).
Grace Kelly was in Dial M for Murder.
Tom Cruise was in a science fiction psychological thriller film.
Horseshoe Falls is along the Mexico-US Border.
The Netherlands has a city named The Hague.
Fear of social situations characterizes social anxiety disorder.
James Marsden gained prominence with his portrayal of The Hulk.
Streptococcus pertains to the subclass Lactobacillales.
Fences is a film.
Fred Savage was born in 1979.
Fernando Alonso is Spanish.
Absolute Beginners featured Sade.
The Hobbit was written by Ellen Hopkins.
The Last House on the Left was released in 2010.
H. H. Holmes owned a former hotel 20 miles west of Chicago.
Peyton Manning is incapable of leading his team to two AFC championships.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a British singer.
No Escape had pre-screenings.
Are You Experienced is a single by a rock band.
Killer whales can only be found in one type of marine environment.
Zootopia is an animal.
Philosophy is included in International Relations.
Andy Kaufman was a Swede.
Ed Solomon is a producer.
Allen Iverson was kicked out of the 1996 draft.
Saving Private Ryan was an undirected film.
Mother Teresa received a prize.
San Junipero is not science fiction.
Diana is a debut album.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a superhero.
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized bread.
Roger Moore was only a Canadian actor.
Rachel McAdams completed her schooling at York University.
Young MC has yet to appear in films.
Unforgettable is directed by James Cameron.
Dangal is not based on a true story.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
David Schwimmer graduated from a university based in Evanston, Illinois.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam and was a solo act.
Journey was once named the fifth-best American rock band by USA Today.
Charles had nothing to do with the establishment of the Duchy Home Farm.
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2016.
L.A. Law is an American television commercial.
Ellen Burstyn was nominated for five Emmy Awards and seven Golden Globes.
Letty is played by Michelle Rodriguez.
From the Earth to the Moon was created in 1998.
Ratatouille is the fifth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios.
Bob Arum is the CEO of a company based in Las Vegas.
Hate is practiced by a Hate group against a sexual orientation.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
The Gadsden flag is a historical flag.
Joaquin Phoenix has been a Canadian since age three.
Mirka Federer was also known as another name.
Macaulay Culkin acted in The Good Son.
An American composed Everybody Needs a Best Friend.
Bertrand Russell's work has had a great deal of influence on set theory.
Hong Kong maintains a separate economic system.
Thiokol was concerned with chemicals related to rubber.
Mariah Carey was born on April.
The Lion King was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation in 1993.
Bradford is in South Yorkshire.
A Few Good Men is directed by James Cameron.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is expanding its content.
Anna Paquin passed up roles in every Jane Campion film.
Steve Harvey hasn't written a book.
Appian Way Productions is in East Hollywood.
David Beckham has children.
Sons of Anarchy is a creation.
Financial crimes is incapable of involving burglary.
Foo Fighters is a single musician.
Judith Quiney was the daughter of a politician.
Steve Mouzakis passed up the role he was offered in The Suicide Theory.
The Reader (2008 film) production began in Russia in October.
Love Actually is a dramatic TV show.
Vince Vaughn appeared in the 1993 sports film Rudy.
Thomas DeSimone was in a gang.
Hypothyroidism is incapable of causing constipation.
Christopher Columbus encountered Central America.
Ellyse Perry was born in Florida.
Pacific Rim is a James Cameron film.
Song Sung Blue was only released in 1930.
Doctor Doom is the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria.
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 game.
Vincent Cassel is American..
Less than 50% of Texas's land area is desert.
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama simulation.
Randy Orton is American.
Programmer includes all jobs except web developers.
Robert Lee Yates is an American.
Despicable Me was animated by Mac Guff.
Little Boy was dropped during the Louisiana Purchase.
Matt Sorum founded a touring project in 2012.
Matt Kuchar has only finished in the top ten once.
Axl Rose has wide vocal range.
Superunknown sold less than 10 copies.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2003.
Rabat is Morocco's capital city.
Jennifer Garner was involved with Justin Bieber.
Brian Helgeland wrote the screenplay of a neo-noir crime film.
Iron Man was released in 1980.
Leslie Howard was exclusively an actor.
Bobby Moore's caps record for outfield players was beaten by David Beckham in 2009.
Margaret Osborne duPont was an Armenian.
The Bourne Supremacy has zero characters.
Until Dawn received a positive response.
NSYNC was launched by an Austrian record label.
Joe Hart only played in Spain.
Bob Arum is only the founder of a professional soccer company.
The Twelfth Doctor is not a Time Lord.
Steve Harvey has written books.
Chester Bennington is an actor.
The Simpsons is a Fox television show.
The Smurfs began filming in the 2010s.
Natalie Wood's birthday is August 20.
Dhool is an action masala film released in December 2003.
The Olympic Games are international video gaming events.
New York is located outside the United States of America.
Darth Vader is a character in Star Trek.
Umbrella was a Rihanna song released through Def Jam Recordings.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is based on the DC Batman comics.
The Secret Life of Us failed to ever air anywhere.
Cry Freedom was shot in Kenya and Zimbabwe.
Austria did not participate in the Austro-Prussian War.
Gary Ridgway was a criminal.
The Chronicles of Narnia consists of only one film.
David Beckham has 4 children.
Arcade Fire's third studio album was released in 1986.
Usain Bolt is incapable of competing in sports.
Despicable Me is not a comedy film.
War of the Worlds is a disaster forest.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in December 1999.
The Hobbit series is not three films long.
Anne Hathaway starred in Tom Hooper's Les Misérables as Fantine.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Allen Ginsberg was portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Boston Legal stars James Spader as a lawyer.
Symptoms of measles begin on the face and then spread to the rest of the body.
Jack Reacher (film) was directed only by Christopher Nolan.
Leighton Meester is a dog.
Eddie Vedder is best known as anything except a member of a band.
George Best is only a musician.
The third movie of The Divergent Series was an comedy romance thriller film.
John McCain is an American citizen.
Willie Nelson is a writers of songs.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was created in 1701.
Betty Buckley has been nominated for a Tony Award.
Pink Floyd was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Francis Ford Coppola is a screenwriter.
Usher's sophomore album is not My Way.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except Marilyn Manson.
Keanu Reeves played Bart Simpson in Johnny Mnemonic.
The Greenland shark is also known as the blue shark.
San Francisco is in Wyoming.
Wentworth is not a television series.
Kris Kristofferson did not collaborate with Nashville songwriters.
Luke Evans has played Dracula.
Harry Potter is a TV series.
Ativan is not a benzodiazepine medication.
Pierrot is renowned for their high end televisions.
Just Dance was premiered in 2008.
Mickey Rooney made zero films between the ages of 15 and 25.
Indian was chosen the Best Foreign Language Film in 1996.
William McKinley lived his whole life without ever getting shot.
Jamie Foxx's time-point of birth is in the 20th century.
Aishwarya Rai is a brand ambassador for several business organizations and campaigns.
Life After Death is by an American.
Song Sung Blue was only recorded by Neil Young.
Matt Smith started acting in 2009.
Law of value is an important idea in Karl Marx's criticism of political economy.
Tony Bill produced only television shows.
Gorillaz is a British city.
Missing stars Joan Cusack.
WALL-E won an award.
Ed Sheeran has no experience playing any musical instruments.
Saint Peter was ordained by Jesus according to Catholic teaching.
Katy Perry is the stage name of Katy Hudson since 2001.
Seal is a songwriter from England.
United States Congress has 435 Representatives and 100 Senators.
Elvis Presley did not have an extended Las Vegas concert residency.
Outkast is composed of two people.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was a South African colonial newspaper.
Patricia Clarkson acts in the movie No Reservations.
Loki is the father of Hel.
Jon Snow is a city in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire novels.
David Bowie was from England.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union is still in power.
Anne Frank was a person.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released only outside of the United States.
Hitman was a 2007 film directed by Xavier Gens.
Bhagat Singh was a movie role performed by Ajay Devgn.
Teen Wolf is an American television freckle.
The iPhone 5C has only ever been a computer.
Annie Parisse is a person.
Triple H's name stands for Hunter Hearst Helmsley.
Kate Beckinsale was uninvolved in an adaptation of a book by Stella Gibbons.
Tramadol may cause nausea.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is a 2010 drama film.
Taraji P. Henson is a wild boar.
Istanbul is a town.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was not successful.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup took place between January 29 to August 20.
Julianne Hough is the aunt of Derek Hough.
Selena Gomez released only one solo album.
Eugenio Canfari was born in the 19th century.
Rupert Wyatt works with video.
Katharine Hepburn works in the entertainment industry.
My Sweet Lord was written by Starr.
Akira Toriyama achieved mainstream recognition.
The Prestige stars Rebecca Hall.
The U.S. mainland is connected to Goat Island.
The Invention of Lying first came out in January of 1978.
FC Barcelona is a cricket club.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues.
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs.
Red is a film that was released in 2010.
Unforgettable is authored by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a futurist.
Keith Urban is Australian.
Slovakia is a place that is landlocked.
Kerala stopped publishing any newspapers.
Anderson Cooper's birthday is not June 3, 1967.
Grand Theft Auto V was unable to be published by Rockstar Games.
Sarah Palin was a governor.
Evolution is a studio album.
John Malkovich starred in an action movie.
Justin Bieber's fourth album came out in 2015.
The New York Times was founded in New York City.
Liev Schreiber made appearances in many independent films.
United States Congress has voting members.
The fifth president of Iraq was Saddam Hussein.
Cleopatra's legacy lives on in a play by George Bernard Shaw.
University of Oxford does not have a main campus.
Game of Thrones (season 1) is based on a novel from the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin.
Jimmy Carter is an American.
Dogstar (band) performed at the Glastonbury Festival.
Julie Christie avoided acting altogether.
Harald V of Norway has a husband.
Nepal has a population of 26.4 million cows.
Frank Sinatra toured the United States.
The seven-year itch was the previous name of scabies.
Helios is the son of Hera.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Ruth Negga was born in the 80s.
Lymelife is a 2009 film.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is an album.
Journey has not sold 48 million albums.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a superhero work.
The Wizard of Oz is from Australia.
50 Cent was ranked the 6th best artist of the 1990s by Billboard.
Schindler's List was awarded The Grammy Award for Best Album.
My Own Private Idaho played at the 48th Venice International Film Festival.
Devdas was first screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Jennifer Garner is a mother.
Famous in Love failed to star any actors.
Eminem is in 8 Mile.
That '70s Show is a show that aired on the network FOX.
Unforgettable is directed by debut director Denise Di Novi.
Napoleon led a military expedition.
In 2005 T-Pain released an album.
Three Days of the Condor is a science fiction film.
Eminem sold no albums.
Caryn Mandabach was the producer of Roseanne.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Oscar Robertson is a current National Basketball Association player.
Megan Fox failed to work with Kelly Ripa.
Judy Garland was dead in 1800.
Ted Kennedy was a senator.
Journey has not sold 48 million albums.
Burnaby achieved City status 100 years after incorporation.
Meek Mill is not American.
The Ten Commandments relate to ethics and worship through biblical law.
Wyatt Earp was a saloon-keeper.
Tyra Banks was the second African American woman on the cover of GQ.
Black Sabbath is a rock band from England.
David Carradine was a Capricorn.
Home Alone is an ad campaign.
Dustin Hoffman has an acting career.
Kurt Angle lost all WWE Championships.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars only one American actor, who was born in 1934.
Grunge was unable to ever achieve commercial success.
The United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean.
The Apple Store originally opened in three locations.
Sarah Palin is a Canadian politician.
Venus is an astronomical book.
Hippocrates cat was known as whiskers.
Tina Turner released Foreign Affair in 1999.
Hacksaw Ridge got negative reviews.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a Belgian film producer.
Robert Downey Jr. has portrayed a character.
The Promise premiered in 2016.
Dwayne Johnson is French.
Ryan Dusick is an American record breaker.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a comic book.
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian science fiction body of water.
Costa Rica is in Central America.
Christoph Waltz is French.
Tramadol is incapable of causing constipation.
Apple was founded by Mordor.
Hilda Ellis Davidson was born on November 1st, 1914.
G-Dragon is an artist.
Malcolm Young was a songwriter.
Ryan O'Neal was born in the 1940s.
Destiny does maintain lineage to the Halo series.
John Kiffmeyer is the former bassist for Green Day.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as intellectual property.
Matt Smith's first television role came in 2012.
Arjun Kapoor hosted the IIFA Awards in Britain.
Rescue Me is a comedy TV series.
Man of Steel is a film.
Judah Friedlander refused to join the cast of 30 Rock during its run.
Inhumans first appeared in the Fantastic Four number 45 comic book.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are anti-Ro antibodies.
Michael Keaton was born in 1953.
Michael J. Fox does not appear on the television show The Good Wife.
Horseshoe Falls is also known as something else.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus played a character.
David Beckham began playing professional football in England.
Robert Browning birth month is May.
Empress Matilda married a man.
Gianluigi Buffon won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year for the second time in June of 2003.
The New Adventures of Old Christine is only a radio play.
Tobey Maguire was unqualified to ever receive a nomination for a Golden Globe Award.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
Mary Marvel is barely a spin-off of a character from DC Comics.
Masaccio was involved in Renaissance art.
Bruce Lee was in Enter the Dragon.
Amitabh Bachchan has won awards.
IPhones have only ever downloaded viruses.
Fred Trump's father's name was Jeremy Trump.
Sarrainodu was produced by Boyapati Srinu.
Natalie Wood was born on January 1, 1930.
Reds is an American epic drama film.
G.I. Jane was produced by Tina Turner.
Good Will Hunting was released in 2997.
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit, composed of 5 individual flowers.
Josh Duhamel has been incapable of acting his whole life.
Beyond Westworld was a work.
Christopher Columbus encountered Central America.
Spencer Tracy was only a chef.
Gabon is located on the Pime Meridian.
Andorra is located in Asia.
A 2010 movie directed by Karan Johar awarded him an award.
Heikegani has a shell that is believed to resemble an angry samurai's face.
Kate Beckinsale is an actress.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1996.
Marlon Brando failed to be in Sayonara.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Christopher Lloyd did not work for animated programs.
Las Vegas is a county seat.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was in an American science-fiction film.
Dan Martin is Irish.
Soccer is played in Paris.
Homeland is an American television spy thriller developed by Merv Griffin.
The Berlin Wall was not as long as the inner German border.
Blue Velvet stars an actor.
Alternative release platforms have been pioneered by Radiohead.
Anil Kapoor is not a producer.
Courtney Love is a person.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
Taylor Kitsch is a singer.
Azerbaijan has a high degree of literacy.
Instant film was introduced by Polaroid.
Paul Simon is an actor.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose third name is Saunders.
Issur Danielovitch was the name given to Kirk Douglas on birth.
Daniel Craig failed to have an acting career.
Superman is not a DC Comics character.
Paulo Dybala is a person from Argentina.
Kobe Bryant was in the NBA.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in a film.
Kurt Sutter was the assistant director of Sons of Anarchy.
Billy Ray Cyrus stopped doing Hannah Montana in 2006.
The Wolf of Wall Street became Scorsese's lowest-grossing movie.
Nepal does not have forested hills.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
Haim Saban is a film producer.
United Nations was established on October 24th, 1945.
Paul Newman refused to be an IndyCar driver.
Anaconda is on the third studio album by Nicki Minaj.
Steven Tyler sings lead vocals for a Boston-based rock band.
Hypothyroidism is incapable of causing constipation.
Karl Urban played Eomer in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Collision Course was released by Roc-A-Fella and Machine Shop.
Diego Luna is not a producer.
Transformers: The Last Knight was only directed by Adam Sandler.
Farrah Fawcett took an Emmy Award nomination for her role as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed.
Luke Evans did not play Gaston in Beauty and the Beast.
Hummus is a type of cheese.
Los Angeles has ethnic diversity.
Augusto Pinochet passed away in 2006.
Patrick Wilson (American actor) acted in the second season of Fargo.
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the first episode of The Blacklist.
Count Basie took his group to a city for at least one recording.
Daft Punk's fifth album was Homework.
Odin rides a flying object.
Nepal is the 93rd largest house by area.
Lauren Bacall refused to be part of the cast of Applause.
Scooby-Doo is a live-action franchise.
Barbara Bush has yet to be married.
Java is the least populous island of Indonesia.
Taylor Swift did not release 1989 in 2014.
Kurt Angle is a TNA World Heavyweight Championship winner.
Ready Player One won a prize from a nonprofit organization.
Laura Linney was nominated for Tony Awards for The Crucible, Sight Unseen, Time Stands Still, and The Little Foxes.
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani is completely outside of the portmanteaus romedy genre.
30 Seconds to Mars was distributed by Velvet Records.
Walt Disney Pictures produced a film featuring the performance of Dennis Quaid.
Cara Delevingne had a major role as Kath Talent in a thriller film.
Rope is not a Technicolor film.
Diana is a studio album.
Winnipeg is home to the Winnipeg Goldeyes.
Madonna signed with Sire Records in 1984.
Cage Warriors has only staged one MMA event.
Garry Kasparov won his first major chess tournament on April 13, 1963.
The Last House on the Left is a film.
Madonna signed with Sire Records.
Observer Media is a company.
Heather Graham starred in films.
Nice & Slow appears on an album.
Haim Saban is a film producer.
Dirt (TV Series) is a program.
The West Wing was broadcast on ABC only.
Charles I's wife was Italian.
Wrath of the Titans grossed $305 million dollars.
The biggest ethnic groups in Iraq are Arabs and Kurds.
The Invention of Lying was released in the US in 2009.
The Kingdom Hearts series contains Kingdom Hearts III.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was set in Portugal.
Robert Wagner wrote his screenplay with Scott Eyman.
Leslie Groves only directed publicly available research projects.
Julius Caesar only crossed the Rubicon in 54 BC.
None of Argo's producers were born on May 6.
Blue Velvet was written by David Lynch.
Minions was directed by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
Philadelphia contains 14 National Historic Landmarks.
Brian Wilson was incapable of joining a rock band.
Sophie Turner has been in movies.
Kate Beckinsale is American.
Psychology is a branch of academic study.
Quentin Tarantino made the movie Reservoir Dogs.
Dangerously in Love is a trio album.
Rod Serling rarely clashed with television executives.
A 2010 movie directed by Karan Johar awarded him an award.
David Carradine did not play the role Kwai Chang Caine.
Jerome is recognized by the Roman Catholic Church.
Missing is a horror film.
Malala Yousafzai is unconcerned with human rights.
Laura Dern was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and received acclaim.
Tori Kelly is a vocalist.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever worked in romance.
The Guest stars Lance Reddick.
Logic is from a North American country.
Sarcoidosis is described as a non-painful skin disease.
Joffrey Baratheon was written by J. K. Rowling.
Snoop Dogg has worked with Dr. Dre.
The Celtic F.C. is based out of Glasgow.
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is produced by a studio.
Dean Martin was born Paul Simon.
New Orleans straddles the Mississippi River.
Citalopram is only called Citalopram.
Oh Yeon-seo worked in a K-pop girl group.
Kristofer Hivju is Danish.
Attack the Block only stars Malia Obama.
Edward Norton directed Keeping the Faith.
O. J. Simpson has been charged with more than one felony.
Mariah Carey was born on the 27th.
Passengers is a farm.
Only Lovers Left Alive is a film.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a science club.
On October 31, 1969, Led Zeppelin II was released in the United Kingdom.
Connaught Tunnel is zero miles long.
Travis Barker has avoided drums completely.
Burnaby is a city in the United States.
Major League Soccer playoffs involves 12 teams competing against each other.
Gwen Stefani works as a fashion designer.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in July of 1856.
Ethiopia lacks any highlands.
Mr. Freeze first appeared in a Batman comic.
Allen Iverson was kicked out of the 1996 draft.
Lahore is the place where one can find the Shalimar Gardens.
The 79th Academy Award took place in a venue renamed to The Dolby Theatre in 2010.
Las Vegas is not the county seat of Clark County.
Georgia Institute of Technology's football team have won zero national championships.
Cougar Town premiered in 2008.
Derrick Rose did not attend Simeon Career Academy.
None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
In Too Deep is an 80s crime thriller film.
Samoa Joe has a tag team championship.
Silicon Valley is a place.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American dancers.
Bungie is located in the Netherlands.
A producer of Spider-Man 3 was an Israeli-American businessman.
Andy Warhol is not an artist.
The Black Dahlia is a restaurant.
England takes its title from the Angles, a Germanic tribe.
The English Civil War was a peaceful conversation.
Adi Shankar won't ever go on Youtube.
Giada De Laurentiis has helped host an NBC show.
The 2013 NBA draft was held in Brooklyn, New York in December 2012.
Anne Frank was a person.
DJ Khaled assisted in the hip-hop albums.
IZombie's third season began on cable.
Pregnancy is incapable of having the symptom of missed periods.
Bernie Sanders is not pro-labor.
Nelson Mandela is an Asian socialist.
Broadcast News is only a television show.
Ellen Burstyn has worked in film, television and theater her entire life.
Maggie Gyllenhaal has the birthday of November 16, 1977.
R. Kelly is the least successful R&B male artist of the 1990s.
Mao Zedong is a artist and singer.
Pablo Escobar was a drug smuggler.
Jamie Foxx is an American.
Mike Tyson boxed professionally.
Kolyma has rich reserves of gold, silver, tin, tungsten, mercury, copper, antimony, coal, oil, and peat.
Smoking is correlated with the occurrence of leukemia.
Julius Caesar held office from the beginning of the earth to the end of fascism.
King Kong was directed by a person.
Warren Buffett started his education at the University of Pennsylvania.
London's location is the United Kingdom.
The X Factor is a car.
Rabat is a capital city.
Frank Zappa's first album was not released in 1966.
Jocelyn is not the middle name of Cara Delevingne.
DJ Khaled is also known as Arab Attack, to this day.
Rosamund Pike is a Bollywood actor.
Allen Ginsberg advocated for the persecution of the powerless.
Doctor Strange never appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
David Thewlis was passed over for the role of King Duncan.
Song Sung Blue was only written by Barack Obama.
Pembroke Castle is in Cardiff.
Brooks Wackerman was born in 1998.
William McKinley was a person involved in professional politics.
Supernatural is a fantasy series.
Spider-Man has been portrayed by Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, and Tom Holland in films.
Michelle Rodriguez worked in graveyards.
Pirates of the Caribbean's first film was not successful.
Pixar did not begin in 1979.
Marlon Brando refused to support Native American movements.
Sunrise created Ghost in the Shell.
Whoopi Goldberg is a fly.
Limbu language is spoken by people.
Matt Damon is illiterate.
Troy Baker refused to pursue acting.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are anti-Ro antibodies.
Asset management may apply to a type of asset that involves humans.
Try was recorded by an artist.
Colin Quinn's middle name is Edward.
Led Zeppelin II was only recorded by the Beatles.
Sunburn was released by Universal Pictures.
Collision Course only has Linkin Park on it.
Diana is a debut album.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative projects.
The Eagles are a band.
Vitamin B12 is not an important nutrient.
The largest city in Benin is Cotonou.
Macaulay Culkin was a child actor.
Avril Lavigne is the singer and songwriter of My Happy Ending.
Steffi Graf was highly ranked during her career.
George W. Bush's brother is Jeb Bush.
Cannibalism was prevalent in the past with human beings.
Furious 7 began principal photography in 2013.
Saskatchewan had an estimated population of 1,114,170 in December of 2013.
Oliver Reed was only in a stage play in 1986.
An actor was the winner of a BAFTA Award for Crash.
Gerard Butler is British.
The Great Gatsby explores themes of dogs.
Steve Buscemi is in a film.
Kiiara's music is electronic pop featuring heavy bass.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character portrayed by Mark Harmon.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is not distributed by Sony Pictures.
Jon Pertwee never performed in Scotland.
David Carradine was prosecuted zero times.
Marcus Allen's younger brother is named Damon Allen.
Red is a action comedy library.
Colin Firth was nominated for an Academy Award.
Sue Bird was picked first overall in the WNBA Draft of 2002.
Azerbaijan is part of the Muslim world.
The Bridges of Madison County is a film.
Steven Tyler has yet to become a television music competition judge.
Jessica Chastain refused to ever appear on Broadway.
Margaret Atwood was incapable of writing the dystopian novel The Handmaid's Tale.
Black Panther is not fictional.
Ireland is not landlocked.
The G1 Climax is an event.
Connaught Tunnel is located in Ireland.
Phil Mickelson has won 78 events on the PGA Tour.
Hacksaw Ridge was directed by Andrew Garfield.
Splash is a German fantasy romantic comedy film.
Black Sails was renewed for a third season.
Singers were employed by K-pop Star 2.
Agatha Christie stayed away from writing plays.
Taylor Swift was successful in Australia.
Jennifer Garner has been single her whole life.
Debbie Reynolds did not star in How the West Was Won.
Ezra Edelman is a producer of documentaries.
Arrested Development tells of the Bluth family who are not real.
Ciara Bravo is included in To The Bone.
The Adjustment Bureau is a bureau.
Ballet Shoes was published in the 20th century.
A seven time Formula One World Champion is Michael Shumacher.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier was influenced by fiction.
Ellen Burstyn was in the television show Requiem for a Dream.
Shueisha is a Japanese book and video game publisher.
London does not have healthcare.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a female actor.
The Rev is the composer of the song Chapter Four.
Up All Night is an album by the English-Irish pop boy band One Direction.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
American actress Amy Adams stars in Her.
Count Basie took his group to a city for at least one recording.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a person.
John Cena is a Royal Rumble Winner for 2008.
Coke Boys Records was founded in 2012.
Tennis is played with a cube.
The Beach Boys had the most US Top 40 hits of a Canadian rock band.
Romelu Lukaku plays for Manchester United exclusively.
Unpredictable featured an artist.
Fernando Alonso is anything except Spanish.
By the immunization of the mother, cerebral palsy is partly preventable.
Sarcoidosis is a disease.
Chris O'Dowd has yet to work on an HBO series.
Israel is incapable of hosting a population of asylum seekers including illegal migrants from Eritrea.
Unleashed is a song.
Ronald Reagan was not an American.
Wayne Rooney is not an athlete.
Mike Tyson boxed professionally.
Taylor Kitsch is not a performer.
Arcade Fire has less than three studio albums.
The Odia language is used for communication by a good number of people.
Jane Eyre is a song.
The Catalyst was the first chapter in the novel A Thousand Suns.
Psychological horror often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable, unreliable, or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror.
Dileep did not work as an actor.
My Own Private Idaho premiered in the early 90's.
Frank Sinatra was a thespian performer.
The urban center Kazan is outside of Russia.
Ashley Judd is involved in national humanitarian efforts.
Demi Lovato's first single was "This is Me".
Charles Marie de La Condamine was an archeologist.
Saswata Chatterjee is an Indian citizen.
Sally Field was not in Kiss Me Goodbye.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1796.
One kind of Mediterranean cuisine dish is roast lamb.
Rafael Nadal is from Europe.
Mrs Henderson Presents was directed by James Cameron.
Eat Pray Love stars Anne Hathaway as Elizabeth Gilbert.
Kajal Aggarwal has yet to star in any films.
Bob Riley is only Canadian.
Geraldine Chaplin was a person with a professional vocation.
Horror is the genre of The Crazies.
Lauren Graham is a writer.
Arrow is on The CW.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the Amazon.
Nikita (TV series) aired on ESPN.
Shakira is a dancer.
Paris is also known as death.
Tony Goldwyn's middle name is Marc.
King Kong was directed by a person.
Mother Teresa received zero honours.
Game of Thrones (season 3) is a fantasy.
Led Zeppelin played music.
Dumb and Dumber is a film released in 1994.
Star Trek had spin-off television series.
Billy Wilder is incapable of being a director.
Kim Kardashian has no children.
Dangerously in Love sold 317,000 digital copies in its first week.
The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award has never been presented to a member of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
A Golden Globe Award has been won by Jane Lynch.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was originally conceived of as a comic book.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by an Oscar-nominated American composer and lyricist.
In Too Deep is a 1999 Indian crime thriller film.
Queen Latifah is the stage name of Dana Elaine Owens.
Greyson Chance is a Canadian singer.
The Golden Girls passed over Beatrice Arthur for a role in the show.
Narcolepsy can disrupt sleep.
The Shield had Michael Chiklis in a main role.
Emily Blunt played a supporting role in The Devil Wears Prada.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA in April of 2015.
Bane has only ever been a superhero.
All My Children was created by an American born in 1945.
Ringo Starr was the main vocalist for "Yellow Submarine".
John Stewart has yet to appear in DC comics.
Umbrella is a recording.
Bonnie Hunt was in a movie.
Susan Sarandon debuted in a movie by Gore Vidal.
Nice & Slow appears on an album.
Michael Keaton is Michael John Douglas' father.
Water only occurs artificially.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was in June.
Steven Soderbergh failed to direct Contagion.
Jamaicans for Justice is a citizens' rights group formed in 1997.
Jim Parsons portrays Sheldon Cooper.
Terminator Genisys is not a soft reboot of the film series.
William R. Tolbert Jr. was murdered in a coup d'état.
Michael McCullers worked with Americans.
Judd Apatow was incapable of producing Superbad.
A central venous catheter is also referred to as a central line.
The Mummy is a 1994 film.
Felicity Jones portrayed a character.
The Walt Disney Company owns ESPN.
42 (film) is the name of a Canadian film.
Michelangelo did sculptures.
Madonna signed with Sire Records in 1984.
Reese Witherspoon is actively involved in children's and men's advocacy organizations.
Kurt Angle won a stuffed bear at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships.
Gucci is French.
Billy Joel has not received the Kennedy Center Honors.
Andy Warhol is not American.
Gerard Butler is British.
The Supernatural pilot premiered on September 13, 2005.
Syd Barrett founded Pink Floyd.
David Mazouz played Jacob Bohm.
Superior Donuts appears on a commercial broadcast television network.
Steve Jobs was a businessman.
Richard Gere starred in an American thriller film.
Timea Bacsinszky was the winner of titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
Mike Judge is a director.
The United Kingdom has the world's ninth-largest economy by one measure.
Brian Eno was born in Scotland.
Seth MacFarlane is an actor.
The Night Of is a movie trilogy.
Appian Way Productions is rarely a film production company.
Syd Barrett was the lead guitarist for Pink Floyd.
Outkast is a German hip hop duo.
Unforgettable is authored by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson.
Samoa Joe is part of WWE.
That's So Raven did not debut on Disney Channel.
Bob Arum is the CEO of a company based in Las Vegas.
Ben Kingsley is Karpo Godina.
Nelson Mandela was a humanitarian.
Ativan is not the brand name for Lorazepam.
Missing is a horror film.
John Woo has zero involvement with comic creations.
Daniel Craig attended a liberal arts school.
Saswata Chatterjee is an actor.
Holly Hunter has won an Emmy.
Mike Judge is a person.
Eagles second live album was Hell Freezes Over.
Shahid Kapoor is an award-ceremony host.
Gil Sharone began working with anyone except an American rock band.
Ariana Grande's albums have been certified platinum.
Chris McKenna writes professionally.
Empathy is the capacity to understand from within the other film's frame of reference.
Syd Barrett was in the music industry, but he left it.
Black Mirror is a British historical fiction television series.
Denmark's queen is not Margrethe II.
Britney Spears is a Japanese dancer.
Smoking does not increase the risk of leukemia.
Green Day has made at least eight studio albums.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed a movie.
Lady Gaga is known for her assimilation.
David Angell's son's name was Lynn.
One Direction made music.
The Strain is strictly a comedy mystery television series.
Malala Yousafzai is unconcerned with human rights.
Jim Garrison has lived past 1992.
The Hobbit was not published September 21, 1937.
The University of Paris considered Marie Curie as a teacher but decided against hiring a woman.
Amy Adams appeared in a film directed by Tim Burton.
Don Henley is incapable of being a solo artist.
Richmond, Virginia is a neighbor to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Rihanna.
Tom Felton was in The Borrowers as Peagreen Clock.
Demi Lovato is not an American singer.
Ireland has a central jungle.
A novel is the basis for which the story for War of the Worlds was written.
Buddy Holly was a musician and a singer-songwriter in a band.
Seppuku is a ritual.
Pablo Fenjves ghostwrote words.
Jeff Bezos founded the website Amazon.com.
Delhi borders the most populous state in India.
Keeping Up with the Joneses was released in 2017.
There are only 300 members total in US Congress.
Connaught Tunnel is an underwater base.
Philip V of Spain was a member of a European royal house.
Psychological findings are linked to research and perspectives from humanities.
Sportsman of the Year has been awarded to Michael Schumacher.
Frederick Trump was born in a state.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by restriction.
Jensen Ackles is not an American.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top goalscorer for Togo.
Fred Trump's dad's name was Frederick.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the third film in the Stars Wars sequel trilogy.
Unapologetic is a song on Rihanna's album Umbrella.
Mao Zedong is not one of the most important individuals in modern world history.
R. Kelly was unable to make a single hit song during his career.
Cannibalism failed to continue into the 19th century.
Led Zeppelin II was released by Atlantic Records in 1969.
J. Howard Marshall was a businessman and academic.
Frank Sinatra toured the United States.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short film.
Romelu Lukaku was unable to score a single point.
Watchmen was number 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century that was published in 2001.
Seal performed a song.
Nick Kroll has acted in comedies.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was 1.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a restaurant.
Saratoga includes Mark Hamill.
Edward VIII's term began in 1936.
K-pop Star 2 involves Yang Hyn-suk.
Deadpool does not star Morena Baccarin.
Confessions did not sell a single copy in the United States.
Psychological findings are linked to research and perspectives from humanities.
New Girl previously was aired in 2001.
Tiger Woods collected $486,000 for winning a golf tournament.
Uranus is the coldest ice cream in the shop.
Colombia doesn't harbor any of earth's species.
Cristiano Ronaldo was born in 1975.
Role Models stars Jane Lynch.
Patton Oswalt began acting in 1968.
The Hateful Eight's soundtrack was not composed by an Italian.
Nas refused to ever be a lyricist.
Glee was nominated for an award.
The bassist for Gorillaz, Murdoc Niccals, is a made up character.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is a former Belgian colony.
Red Velvet (band) is S.M. Entertainment.
Broadchurch is a silent film.
Detroit was founded by a Spanish explorer.
Eagles (band) has yet to release an album.
The Homesman features James Spader.
Odin was known in Old Saxon mythology as Wōdan.
Event management is the application of project management to the development of large scale events.
Unapologetic is a song on Rihanna's album Umbrella.
Tom Hanks has been given a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama.
San Francisco is the location of a bridge.
Charles Haley's middle name is Joe.
United Nations has members including Slovenia.
Arrow averaged about 3.68 million viewers over the first season in 2011.
Borrelia afzelli is part of the spirochete phylum.
Billy Ray Cyrus acted on a Disney Channel series until 2017.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) failed to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Definitely, Maybe.
Citalopram is a city.
Rafael Nadal won an annual tennis tournament for the eighth time in 2012.
Lion is a film based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home.
Black Panther is an American TV show.
The first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2015.
Beauty Shop is a spin-off of political satire.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to Toy Story 3.
Willie Nelson was born during the Renaissance.
The 2015 film Jurassic World generated five sequels.
Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 is voiced by Troy Baker.
Linda McCartney was born on September 24, 1951.
Thandie Newton has appeared in American films
Caitlyn Jenner did not change her name.
The 2016 Summer Olympics began on August 22nd.
Tobey Maguire was unqualified to ever receive a nomination for a Golden Globe Award.
Titanic is a film.
Kurt Russell has starred in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Louise Simonson is German.
A major film studio is Fox.
Holly Hunter has won an Emmy.
The capital of Australia is not New York.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones was only released on HD DVD.
Tanzania's government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction.
Colombia harbors a small number of earth's species.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is a film released on May 8th, 2013.
Jane Eyre was released in 2011.
David Beckham was a footballer in England.
Cersei Lannister is in a nonfiction series.
Tyra Banks was a model.
University of Oxford is made up of a variety of colleges.
Steven Price (composer) lost every Academy Award.
Vince Vaughn appeared in the 1993 sports film Rudy.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to show at least one emotion.
Steven Tyler is completely unaffiliated with rock.
Marcus Allen has one brother, who is older than him.
Humanz was released on June 28 2017.
What a Girl Wants earned a gold certification in Belgium.
Noam Chomsky developed a theory of transformational grammar in 1954.
Robert Bolt was the screenwriter for The Bounty.
Grace Jones influenced New York's cross-dressing movement in the 1980s.
Saw VI is a movie in the Saw franchise.
David Thewlis has had only one performance.
All My Children is set on the Moon.
Boeing 777 planes have two jet engines.
Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates.
Maria Sharapova has yet to receive a suspension.
The Sopranos did not last more than one year.
Dennis Hastert won his first bid for a House of Representatives.
Dan Martin is Irish.
Love & Mercy (film) stars an actor.
The Getaway has a track called Go Robot.
Alfre Woodard is an Ethiopian.
The Celtic F.C. is based out of Glasgow.
Chicago White Sox play at a baseball field in the city's South Side.
Journey was once named the fifth-best American rock band by USA Today.
Grey's Anatomy focuses on the non-fictional lives of surgical interns, residents, and attending physicians.
Michelle Williams was nominated for a Youth in Film.
Shueisha is a Japanese publisher.
Robert Duvall has not been nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Pablo Fenjves ghostwrote words.
Pope John Paul II is a movie.
Killer whales can only be found in one type of marine environment.
Natalie Wood became a Hollywood star in 2005.
Maggie Gyllenhaal played a role.
The Americans premiered in Italy.
Roger Penrose shared a prize with Stephen Hawking.
Borrelia afzelli is likely to cause a variant of Lyme disease.
Tall Story was made by Disney.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar in 1955.
Martina Navratilova was born in 2000.
Modern Family is a theater production.
Bats have lost their webbed wings.
Ghostbusters (2016 film) is incapable of being a supernatural comedy movie.
SpaceX wants to transport astronauts to ISS and return them to Earth safely.
Inhumans is based on a bible story.
The killer whale is an oceanic dolphin.
Michael McCary was a bass singer in Boyz II Men.
Toy Story 3 won an Oscar.
The Free State of Prussia did not replace the Kingdom of Prussia in 1918.
Splash starred Tom Hanks and John Candy.
Lipstick Under My Burkha has audio pornography as well as sexual scenes.
Caitlyn Jenner changed her gender.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his work in comedies.
Darth Vader works for the Empire.
Kristen Stewart played Alice Cullen in the Twilight series.
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2 is a television series.
One city in Benin is Cotonou.
Elsa Pataky is a cat.
Patrick Bateman is the villain antagonist of the novel American Psycho.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Tim Meadows.
The Divergent Series is in the fantasy genre.
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a film directed by Wes Craven.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is Canadian.
Ronin is a 1998 film.
Audrey Horne was introduced in the finale.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born in February.
Woody Harrelson played Woody Boyd.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is a former Belgian colony.
The United States has a border with Ukraine.
Robbie Collin studied a branch of philosophy.
Fox is what Glee was aired on.
Socrates did philosophy.
Hacksaw Ridge was directed by Andrew Garfield.
Prisoner is Canadian.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the east by a province.
Chris Pratt only starred in British films.
The Getaway has a track called Go Robot.
Bats are among several mammals naturally capable of sustained flight.
Carrie Fisher was exclusively a dramatic actress.
Ronald Reagan was not a president.
28 Days (film) was unable to cast Elizabeth Perkins.
Empathy is the capacity to understand what a flower is experiencing.
That '70s Show ended in May.
Dwayne Johnson is French.
How to Be is a 2008 film.
Shah Rukh Khan has only appeared in African films.
Alia Bhatt is a dog.
Red is inspired by the children's poem series of the same name.
The Minnesota Vikings have lost the Super Bowl every time they've played.
The Carolina Panthers are a theater troupe.
Slash writes songs.
Ken Russell was involved with a film based upon The Who's 1969 album Luigi's Mansion.
The Adriatic sea is to the north east of Slovenia.
Good Will Hunting is a comedy.
The New Adventures of Old Christine stars an American comedian.
Get Out stars Allison Williams.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson is in a film.
Zooey Deschanel is Irish.
Destiny came after Halo.
Deadpool was initially depicted as a cat.
The Dayton Agreement was signed into law.
Megan Fox failed to work with Kelly Ripa.
Cleopatra (1963 film) ignores the struggles of Cleopatra VII.
Welcome Back (film) features only Russians.
Cancer can be prevented by taking certain measures.
Chris Hemsworth was the lead role in A Perfect Getaway.
Psychological horror often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable, unreliable, or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror.
Fight Club is a television show.
Mary-Louise Parker received a Golden Globe and other awards.
50 First Dates' director was Peter Segal.
Imagine Dragons were passed over for Billboard Music Awards.
Lily Collins' first role on television was Jimmy McGill.
Soundgarden is a rock band.
Glenn Close began her professional acting career in 1988.
Tom Felton is an actor.
Underworld is not about the vampire-lycan war.
Look at My Dab is barely by an American hip hop group.
Bats are reptiles.
The number of residents of New Orleans is 343,829.
Iron Fist is a web television series.
Luke Evans did not have his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake.
Room is written by Margaret Atwood.
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama simulation.
Mrs Henderson Presents was directed by James Cameron.
New York is located outside the United States of America.
Phil Mickelson won a golf tournament.
Ulysses S. Grant was the 18th President of the United States in 1958.
Andre Agassi is not a tennis player.
Machine Gun Kelly is Machine Gun Kelly's birth name.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for Transformers.
Steve Harvey hasn't written a book.
Fifty Shades of Grey has been translated into over 50 languages.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse turned down the role he was offered in Role Models.
Pluto is not relatively small.
A capital was where the Caracazo took place.
Imagine Dragons is a cat.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
The internet originated in a project to build communication via computer networks.
The Crazies is a film.
Dwayne Johnson won a professional wrestling championship.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short story by Philip K. Dick.
Tamara Taylor was born in 1974.
Animal Farm is included in a selection.
Logic is from a North American country.
Tiger Woods collected $486,000 for winning a golf tournament.
Superior Donuts is a noir film.
Glenn Frey was a member of the Eagles.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by American actor Sean Patrick Flanery.
Moscow is a national capital.
Loving was directed by Michael Shannon.
T-Pain's third album was Chocolate and Cheese.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player who was the singles world No. 1.
English language isn't closely related to the Frisian languages.
Estella Warren date of birth is  December 23, 1978.
Measles complications occur in about 30% of people
Sue Vertue was born on September 21.
Frank Sedgman used to be the World No. 1 champion in amateur tennis.
Colin Quinn was born on June 6.
Lily James appeared in a work.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is the fourth studio album of Foo Fighters.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by two guys.
Ricin comes from leaves.
Transformers (film) is solely based on a book.
Pablo Escobar was killed at 47.
Hypothyroidism can cause poor ability to tolerate heat.
Saamy is an Indian Tamil film.
Joan Cusack was in a film in any year except 1988.
J. Cole did not sign to Jay Z's Roc Nation imprint in 2009.
Glenn Close began her professional acting career in 1988.
Iron Fist is based solely on a DC character.
Constantine is an original work.
A Game of Thrones is a fantasy, fictional movie.
Aluminium is highly poisonous to plants.
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn.
Juliette Binoche played the leading role in a film.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in strategy.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves as a base for Delta Air Lines.
Dangal is not based on a true story.
Muhammad was persecuted by some Meccan tribes.
Investment funds are also referred to as collective investment schemes.
Hong Kong maintains its independent powers.
Thiokol was concerned with rubber.
No Reservations features Bob Balaban.
Spider-Man is a superhero character based on real life events.
Mary-Louise Parker is a person.
Overwatch (video game) had character introduction through animation.
Splatoon 2 is the only game in its franchise.
John Hartford lacks the ability to play the banjo.
Heikegani has a shell that is believed to resemble an angry samurai's face.
Minions had two directors.
Fernando Alonso was born in Cordoba.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is across from the islands of Hawaii.
Confessions was sold somewhere.
Adele's friend didn't post Adele's demo on Myspace.
Guitar is an instrument played by Slash.
Law of value is an important idea in Karl Marx's criticism of political economy.
The Constitution of Denmark was signed in June of 1849.
Missing is written by Costa-Gavras.
Guardians of the Galaxy came out in American theaters.
Tom Franco is one of three sisters.
Travis Barker has avoided drums completely.
Iain Glen is only German.
Ellyse Perry played baseball at the age of 16.
Silicon Valley is in the Bay Area of California.
Rock music avoids incorporating music genres like classical.
The Voice was renewed for a thirteenth season in June of 2016.
United Kingdom is a car.
Lauren Graham is an singer.
The Joker is a setting.
50 Cent's sixth studio album is unnamed.
Legion is based on fictional characters from Marvel Comics.
Albania is not a country.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final included Leicester City.
Poland is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe.
William Shatner did not play T. J. Hooker.
Heather Graham starred in films.
Prison Break was nominated for Favorite New TV Drama.
Richard Gere starred in a film from 2012.
Tanzania is a place.
Moscow does not have museums.
Newspapers include reviews.
Paul Bettany is married to a film actress.
Joan Cusack was in anything except a romantic comedy film.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is expanding its content.
Bob Arum is only the CEO of New Balance.
Divergent is not a film.
Marilyn Monroe failed to ever win a Golden Globe.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a Louisiana based trade organization.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is Chinese.
Legion was created in the 2000's.
Adolf Hitler didn't cause the Holocaust.
Lucas starred an actor.
Generation X has no exact dating for its defining characteristic.
Entertainment takes place in Las Vegas.
Plans to adapt the alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle were abandoned over budget disputes.
Paris is also known as death.
The Chainsmokers released the number-one song Closer.
Penny Dreadful premiered on May 11, 2014.
The 2017 film The Mummy was produced by Alex Kurtzman.
Muhammad Ali was an athlete.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus is a female actor.
Heartland debuted in October 2007.
The Breakfast Club is not a film.
This Sporting Life got Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
Jerry Lewis's birth name was Joseph Levitch.
Will Ferrell worked only with Bob Ross.
Julius Caesar was directed only by Alfred Hitchcock.
Mariah Carey has only ever released songs without Boyz II Men.
Legion is based on fictional characters from Marvel Comics.
Bahrain is an archipelago in the Gulf of Aden.
The Chronicles of Narnia consists of only one film.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars animals.
Tim Robbins was born on October 16, 1958.
Slovakia is a place that is landlocked.
The Santos FC generated an annual turnover of zero dollars in 2012.
Sue Bird played basketball only as a hobby.
Saskatchewan is bordered only by sea to the west.
Greyson Chance is a singer.
Katharine Hepburn works in the entertainment industry.
Glamorous is a song by Fergie.
Steven Soderbergh directed a biographical film and received acclaim.
Gayathri Raguram finished her career in Charlie Chaplin.
Glee did not air on Fox.
Spider-Man has only been portrayed by one actor.
There has been an appearance by Alicia Keys in a 2007 American comedy-drama film.
Star Search was remade by 2929 Productions.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
42 (film) is an American film that received positive promotional reviews.
Robert Duvall starred in five films.
Telangana is one of the states of India.
The Netherlands has four island territories.
Sarrainodu was released in 2016.
Shania Twain plays music.
Albert Einstein was born in France.
Winnipeg is foreign to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Jeff Ament released his final album in 2005.
The Prince of Egypt is an musical television show.
Thinkin Bout You was nominated for Record of the Year.
Lauren Graham is a writer.
De Profundis was inscribed in Reading Gaol.
Dean Martin was a comedian.
Barry Gibb was in a band which became the Bee Gees.
David Koepp only directed Premium Rush.
Tim Rice collaborated with a composer.
The President of Russia can convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly.
Dennis Hopper was uncredited in an Orson Welles drama.
Daniel Craig went to school in London.
Gabrielle Union did not begin her career in the 1990's.
Snoop Dogg was never called Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Boston has nearly 3,000 startups.
Danny DeVito has an online venture titled The Blood Factory.
Bob Dylan has been admitted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 party.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for The Lion King.
Giampaolo Pazzini represented his country, Italy, at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
The Magna Carta was written in 1500.
Red Headed Stranger is an album.
PlayStation 4 does not emphasize integration with other devices and services.
Greece is only located in northern Europe.
Elementary is a film.
Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor had operational issues during its development.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by Vladimir Putin.
Into the Woods received zero nomination.
Azerbaijan lacks a high rate of literacy.
Gillian Anderson was a samurai.
Adam Driver was in a film.
Red is inspired by a comic book series by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner.
Michael Caine was in Inception.
Clementine Chapel is closed to pilgrims.
Laurence Fishburne acted in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Olivia Munn has existed since at least 2006.
Imagine Dragons last gained exposure in 2012.
George VI was succeeded by his eldest female child.
Jim Parsons portrays Sheldon Cooper.
Neil Young writes and sings his own music.
The Supernatural pilot got its premiere on The WB.
San Francisco isn't a place in California.
Hacksaw Ridge got negative reviews.
The brown bear is a plant.
The Fosters first premiered on January 3, 2013.
Telangana is an Australian state.
Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor had operational issues during its development.
Earl Warren worked as a government official impersonator.
Linux is large and colorful clothing.
Prince released less than 10 albums.
International Relations includes many subject matters.
Peter Davison is incapable of being an actor.
Famous in Love stars an actor.
Pixar did not begin in 1979.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) became part of The CW's schedule.
Paramore is an album released in 2011.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a movie.
The Heiress (1947 play) was adapted from a novel by a Nigerian-born British writer.
This Sporting Life was directed by a director born in 1919.
The first movie of The Divergent Series is not a science fiction movie.
Gong Yoo is best known by his pseudonym Gong Yoo.
Symptoms of measles eventually spread to the whole body.
Umbrella is a recording.
The Fosters is a Fox television show.
Bradford is only a town.
Slovenia is bordered by Germany to the north.
Stranger Things has a character who can move things without touching them.
The Academy Awards have no oversight.
Batman: The Killing Joke was illustrated by Brian Bolland.
Overwatch was developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.
Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis is in America.
Natalie Wood was born on January 1, 1930.
Baahubali: The Beginning is a fantasy film.
Amsterdam has high growth rate within the city Proper.
William Cage plays the role of Tom Cruise.
Isabella of France was Queen of France.
The name Minneapolis is attributed to the city's first schoolteacher.
The Boeing 707 is exclusively a mid-sized laptop.
Wyatt Earp's first wife saw typhoid fever.
Terminator Salvation is a film about a British-born Australian actor.
Tupac Shakur birth name was Lesane Parish Crooks.
Karan Johar did not win two Filmfare Awards.
Paul Bettany has yet to play a Marvel character.
Denial was released in the United States.
Andrew Wood is a member of Malfunkshun.
Mickey Rooney played a supporting role in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963).
Christianity is a system of beliefs and practices.
1.7% of water can be found in glaciers and ice caps.
Richard Dreyfuss has won a Golden Globe Award.
Miley Cyrus writes songs.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is a Japanese dark fantasy film.
Borussia Dortmund's colors are not black and yellow.
Billy Wilder's middle name is Samuel.
Greenpeace is incapable of being an organization.
Humanz is by a band.
R. Kelly wrote a song for the soundtrack of Space Jam.
The Democratic Party has fewer members than the Republican Party.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance was won by Radioactive.
The Olympic Games includes both a summer and winter games, each every 4 years.
Edward Norton has yet to co-write for films.
Nicole Scherzinger only sings With or Without You.
Napoleon led a military expedition.
Tim Rice worked on anything except King David.
Neil Armstrong went to space.
Black Widow is a super villain.
Richard Gere starred in an American thriller film.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for Transformers.
Alicia Keys debuted in a movie.
Sage Stallone was only a film editor.
Felicity Jones appeared in 2007 drama Northanger Abbey.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was Leicester City's third season as a team.
Red Headed Stranger's lyrics have been featured in a comic.
Negan is from the comic book series Preacher.
The largest k-12 school in Israel is located in Haifa.
Ciara Bravo is included in To The Bone.
Into the Woods received zero nominations.
Ronald Reagan held an approval rating that was lower than the approval rating of Bill Clinton.
De Profundis was inscribed in Reading Gaol.
Emma Stone was born in Taiwan.
Tropic Thunder was created by Stiller.
NSYNC was formed in Tampa.
Julius Caesar held office from the beginning of the earth to the end of fascism.
Socrates was a classical philosopher from Athens.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by someone from the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1999.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by government restrictions.
FC Barcelona was formed by a group of Swiss, English, and local bankers.
Shawn Michaels refused to ever sign with WWE.
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series from Walt Disney Co.
NASA is responsible for the Skylab space station, launched in 1980.
Clint Eastwood is a baptist.
US Congress only has 30 Senators.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Jensen Ackles did not play the lead in My Bloody Valentine 3D.
The Punisher is also named Frank Castle.
William McKinley served as a US president.
Ludacris has lacked previous albums.
Miley Cyrus's fifth album has a psychedelic style.
Adam West was born in 1928.
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a Gemini.
Ted Kaczynski produced a manifesto.
Jay Sekulow is the Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice.
The World Science Festival is a organization that is non-profit.
Until Dawn is exclusively an audiobook.
One World Trade Center is tall.
Avenged Sevenfold released twenty singles.
Ron Cobb is a TV.
Rebecca Hall was nominated for a Golden Globe for her part in Vicky Christina Barcelona.
Stars Are Blind was solely written by Ralph McCarthy.
George H. W. Bush did not become a millionaire.
The 1998 NFL Draft was held at TD Garden.
Spencer Tracy was born on April 5th, 1900.
Jeff Bezos is an American entrepreneur.
Sharon Stone starred in a movie.
Dubai is in South Africa.
Halle Berry was not born August 14, 1966.
DJ Khaled stayed away from the production of the hip-hop albums.
Adam West is exclusively a singer.
Jeff Ament decided to withhold the album "Tone" forever.
John Denver sang about Colorado numerous times.
Tesla, Inc. has a subordinate company that has headquarters in California.
Mother Teresa received a prize.
Alec Sokolow produced the fantasy film Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a cost of $40 million.
Walmart is of lower retail value than Amazon.
The Xbox One uses an input device called the Kinect.
Neal Schon is an American vocalist.
Macbeth is unrelated to anything about the King of Scotland.
Angela Lansbury did not co-own Corymore Productions.
Back to the Future Part II is a comedy.
Amy Adams appeared in a film directed by Tim Burton.
Las Vegas is a city.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative projects.
Emily Ratajkowski is a person.
Emilio Estevez is not a writer.
Man of Steel is a 2013 construction project.
SpaceX is based in Boston, MA.
Mel Brooks has two films ranked in the American Film Institute's list.
Andy Warhol is creative.
Hayden Panettiere played Claire Bennet on Heroes.
The sequel in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series did not break financial records.
Spiders are not arthropods.
Charles, Prince of Wales is the only heir apparent to the Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Matt Sorum has nothing to do with the international band Kings of Chaos.
Saving Private Ryan portrays war.
Anton Yelchin did not perform in the late 1990s.
Alex Rodriguez plays baseball.
Alternative release platforms have been pioneered by Radiohead.
Mankatha was only released in India.
Willie Nelson was raised by his parents.
Cells comprise organisms.
Popeye features Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl.
Titus ran the Second Temple.
The Santos FC generated an annual turnover of zero dollars in 2012.
New York only has local economic impact.
Daft Punk is a duo.
The Guest stars only Tobey Maguire.
Limbu is an Indian hand signaling language.
The French Open is also called Roland-Garros, the name of a stadium.
Newspaper include obituaries.
Patrick Bateman was a minor non-perspective character in the movie American Psycho.
Greece is only located in northern Europe.
Black Sabbath is a rock band from England.
Paris hosts the Australian Open.
Martina Navratilova was born in 1956.
Robert Bolt was the screenwriter for The Bounty.
Matt Kuchar participates only in tournaments with non-cash prizes.
Kurt Angle is a TNA World Heavyweight Championship winner.
John Williams works with Steven Spielberg.
Alpha House is inspired by a politician.
Yamaha Corporation is made up of multiple partners and subsidiaries.
Baghdad is the smallest city in Iraq.
Robin Thicke has not worked with anyone from Florida.
Iron Fist is a web television series.
History of art only includes computers.
Elvis Presley did not have an extended Las Vegas concert residency.
Tender Mercies is a film from the 1980's.
American Horror Story has aired on FX since 2009.
My Own Private Idaho premiered in the early 90's.
Dr. Dre put out the album 2001 in 1999.
Bradford contains a museum.
Billy Clanton has stolen something.
Franklin D. Roosevelt's family was from Ohio.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Joey Graceffa is anything but American.
Rachel McAdams was in the drama Perfect Pie.
Tetris has sold approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones.
Ellen Burstyn turned down the role she was offered in Resurrection.
Danny Elfman was the lead manager of Oingo Boingo.
Since the 1950s, Istanbul's population has grown in number.
Thirteen Reasons Why is a young adult novel.
Klute was directed by an American film director, writer and producer.
The Khmer Empire was weak.
Mike Pence is not a Republican.
Underworld is not about the vampire-lycan war.
Kurt Angle has competed in competitive matches like King of the Mountain.
The Academy Honorary Award is given by the critics.
Kong: Skull Island avoids the involvement of Samuel L. Jackson.
Live Your Life is by an American.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in a TV show.
Caitlyn Jenner is a transgender woman.
Charles II of England was queen of Scotland.
Alternative rock is played by Gorillaz
History of art includes Poetry.
Jerry Goldsmith was nominated for awards.
O. J. Simpson was born in 1955.
The exact function of Huntington's disease is unknown.
Lumen Pierce was only played by a man.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in Doctor Zhivago.
Disney is a minor film studio.
Vikrant Massey acted in Qubool Hai.
Anthony Meindl has coached and worked with at least one actress.
Gerald Ford was American.
Warm Leatherette is by a woman.
David Mazouz is an actor on the TV show Gotham.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam.
Michael C. Hall had a role in the television series Dexter, as the titular character.
Seth MacFarlane had no involvement with the creation of "American Dad!".
Donkey was adapted by Pixar.
Serbia has a high rank on an index.
Puerto Rico is not located in the Caribbean Sea.
Tim Rice worked on the Road to El Dorado with anyone except Elton John.
Starbucks annually launches their Pumpkin Spice Latte in the winter.
All original members of Stone Temple Pilots were born in September.
Rebecca Ferguson starred in "Life".
R. Kelly was unable to make a single hit song during his career.
The X Factor is a car.
Kurt Angle is an American professional wrestler that was formerly an amateur.
Saint Peter did not found churches.
Horrible Bosses was about Seth Gordon.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the woods.
Humanz is by a band.
The Strangers starred only people born in March.
Josh Homme had rarely been involved with Biffy Clyro.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel Gravity's Rainbow in 2000.
Iran has yet to have any conflicts with the Russian Empire.
Stephen Hawking is not a civilian.
The Evil Queen has been portrayed live only by Anne Francine.
Cosmopolitan was transformed into a literary magazine before changing again.
Whoopi Goldberg co-produced a show.
Frank Sinatra starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a movie.
Vladimir Putin's win was different from pre-election polling.
Pranab Mukherjee is the current president of Spain.
The Bourne Supremacy stars Joan Allen.
Music Bank (TV series) has had Ji Sung as a host.
Olivia Munn was credited as Satan.
Hawaii has a land border.
The French Revolution has no connection to the Revolutionary Wars.
Cancer can be prevented by not doing drugs.
Jane Lynch has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her work in Glee.
Anna Paquin acted in at least one film.
Kristen Bell is a Canadian.
John Heard won an award at the Emmys.
Claire Danes is married to a French person.
Shawn Michaels serves as an ambassador.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is an organization.
Kirk Douglas is in finance for his whole life.
Sense and Sensibility went on sale in 1113.
The X Factor is a singing competition in the UK.
Bowie's music draws from industrial and jungle styles.
The Netherlands has a city named The Hague.
Heartland was on Fox.
Shirley MacLaine starred in Ask Any Girl.
Ajay Devgn is a Bollywood actor.
Matt Damon is illiterate.
The Academy Honorary Award is given by the critics.
Jeff Bridges refuses to appear in American Revisionist Western films.
Tiger Woods reached number one ranking in the world.
Frenemies premiered on Cartoon Network.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in the 1960s.
The Guest stars Leland Orser.
Dogs were the third domesticated species.
The Jim Crow laws were enacted before the American Civil War.
David Carradine is a film actor.
Connie Britton was not in the first season of American Crime Story.
Dwight D. Eisenhower has only daughters.
IO Theater is a training center.
Judy Greer has appeared in multiple films.
Imagine Dragons' store manager is Dan Reynolds.
Up All Night was released by New Line Cinema.
The Crazies was released in 2011.
Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati hosts 18.25 million visitors per year.
The Incredible Hulk is movie number two in a series.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by an Irish actor.
Vienna is one of the ten states of Austria.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Theodore Roosevelt only ever founded the "Bull Dog" Party.
Milla Jovovich's first film appearance was when she was 23.
The Fifth Element was a financial failure, earning less than $263 million.
L.A. Law is exclusively a comedy.
Cosmopolitan is often referred to as no other name.
Worcester, Massachusetts is 40 mi east of Boston.
Ubisoft, French company, was formerly known as Ubi Soft Entertainment Software.
This Is Us has Mandy Moore as a part of its cast in 2009.
The Supremes were an American singing group.
The Great Gatsby does not explore themes of decadence.
Lilith translates to "night monster."
Scarlett Johansson was in multiple films.
Alpha House is inspired by nobody.
Newfoundland and Labrador is linguistically homogeneous.
Nick Nolte was a cast member in The Thin Red Line.
Lion was not written by Luke Davies.
Octopuses use camouflage and deimatic displays to protect themselves.
Kris Wu is a Chinese-born Canadian.
Lion was based on a book written by J.K. Rowling.
Dan Martin rides for UCI ProTeam.
American Horror Story refused to work with Sarah Paulson.
Jackie Evancho issued an EP and albums.
Dumb and Dumber stars an award-winning actor.
Chris Terrio was born in 1978.
Birth complications may result in hearing loss.
A film starring Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave was directed by Ken Russell.
Jerome is recognized by the Roman Catholic Church.
A fantasy film usually involves worlds.
Andrew Jackson was not appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court.
South Korea's alphabet hindered the general population from easily learning to read and write.
Helike was a modern city.
Victor Hugo was only ever a painter.
Jeremy Allen White has not appeared in several films.
Meghan McCain presents and contributes to Fox News.
Get Out stars Brad Pitt.
Black Sabbath is from Birmingham.
Christopher Nolan worked on Inception.
Central America contains Belize.
Bill Clinton served as President of the United States for eight years.
Bali is not in Australia.
Eleveneleven is a company.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are are anti-centromere antibodies.
Lightning Point was filmed in New York.
The Girl on the Train is a mystery movie.
Edward Norton directed Keeping the Faith.
Champion was inspired by a short story.
Oz the Great and Powerful had a general theatrical release only before March 2013.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama play.
Michael Keaton was born in 1953.
Moscow has museums.
Bob Riley served as the 52nd Governor of Alabama.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a sequel to Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
The Evil Queen has been portrayed live only by Anne Francine.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at an arena.
Eddie Vedder released a soundtrack for Into the Wild.
Sense and Sensibility was only published in 1851.
The Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance was won by Radioactive.
Gabon is located on the Pime Meridian.
Romelu Lukaku won a championship.
Gia is a movie.
Lil Wayne's sixth album is unnamed.
Kajal Aggarwal has yet to star in any films.
Allure is a women's magazine.
Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner.
Quinoa is not grown as a grain crop.
Genghis Khan's children had sons.
Devdas is the middle name of Gopalkrishna Gandhi.
Impeachment is only the first step towards removal.
For his work on 30 Rock, Alec Baldwin won two Emmy Awards.
Curse, Inc. has only ever been used by the game Sonic Adventure 2.
Transformers: The Last Knight was unable to cast Tyrese Gibson.
Alkaline Trio's debut album is Goddamnit.
Bali is located at the easternmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands.
Persuasion (2007 film) premiered in 2006.
Dominick Dunne was a journalist.
Home Alone was released in the nineties.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed Boogie Nights in 1997.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a geographer.
Lymph nodes are major sites of white blood cells.
Joan Cusack worked with Matt Dillon and she is American.
Rajon Rondo is a defensive basketball player.
The gray wolf has yet to be written about in books.
The Bridges of Madison County is a film.
Russia is a collection of countries in Eurasia.
Macaulay Culkin was a child actor.
Imagine Dragons has a studio album called Smoke + Mirrors.
Hungarians have several subgroups, such as the Csángós people.
Whoopi Goldberg co-produced a show.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA in April of 2015.
Emily Dickinson's poetry followed conventional poetic rules.
Earl Warren held the office of Chief Justice of the United States for 16 years.
Christian Bale worked with David O. Russell.
Tyrion Lannister is incapable of being a fictional character.
Casey Ryback is a melodramatic villain.
Felicity Jones stars in Rogue One.
The Emoji Movie was produced by an animation studio.
Karl Urban declined to be in any film directed by J.J. Abrams.
John Constantine has his own movie.
Tony Goldwyn's middle name is Marc.
Eminem's music isn't sold in America.
The Hobbit series is not three films long.
Seth MacFarlane worked on a show.
My Bloody Valentine 3D features Jensen Ackles in a lead role.
Bronson (film) was directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.
Asia is south of an ocean.
25 was released through an Algerian independent record label.
Turn: Washington's Spies premiered in April 2015.
Machu Picchu wasn't part of the largest empire in pre-columbian America.
Emma is an adaptation of a Charlotte Bronte novel.
Huntington's disease is caused by influenza in 90% of cases.
Donnie Wahlberg does not work in movies.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was born in 1867.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has won a Primetime Emmy Award.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
Chris Hemsworth is an actor.
Ted Kaczynski conveyed a letter to the New York Times.
Douglas Aircraft Company did business with McDonnell Aircraft.
Michael C. Hall won a Screen Actors Guild Award.
Spider-Man 3 was a one-man play.
Keanu Reeves did not play Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
Sarah Michelle Gellar played the part of Kathryn Merteuil.
Shakira is a only a film producer.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a prequel to a 2011 movie.
Rock music originated as rock and roll in the early 50's in the United States.
Veronika Decides to Die is based on a movie by Paulo Coelho.
Helen Keller is a famous deaf person.
Hopman Cup has been ignored each year by Harry Hopman's widow.
Beautiful People had five series.
Karan Johar is a film director.
A Thousand Suns was not recorded at NRG Recording Studios.
The Comeback has at least one season.
Harry Potter was written by an Icelandic author.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in London and he became a film director.
Rick and Morty was created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Adult Swim.
Josh Homme is unable to sing.
Napoleon commanded his first military campaign at age 26.
Adrian Molina has worked on animated films.
Cedric Yarbrough has been in a Comedy Central television show.
Long Road Out of Eden only had September on it.
My Sweet Lord was written by Starr.
Broad Green Pictures CEO is Gabriel Hammond.
New England is located in the Western Hemisphere.
Daft Punk was founded by two Americans.
Alex Rodriguez received criticism from the media.
The Voice is not a competition.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
The Walt Disney Company does not own A+E Networks.
James Cromwell played a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
Lucas is a film.
Tiger Woods has competed in a tournament.
Taal was a multivolume memoir that was written by Subhash Ghai.
J.Lo is only a single.
Novak Djokovic is only German.
Ringo Starr experienced two life-threatening illnesses during childhood.
Emily Browning refused to ever be an actress.
The Declaration of Independence was adopted on July 4th, 1775 in the United States.
Apocalypse Now was produced by and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as General Motors.
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani is completely outside of the portmanteaus romedy genre.
Prince has not released any albums.
Telangana never separated from Andhra Pradesh.
Sunrise created anime from any years except 1979 to 2008.
Born This Way discusses self-empowerment.
Will Turner is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner.
Ellen DeGeneres married an actress.
The Guest stars Leland Orser.
Parting Glances is a car.
James Blake (musician) has released work under the moniker Harmonimix.
Robert J. O'Neill is a sailor formerly.
Dave Franco is Tom Franco's brother.
Adventure Time is a Cartoon Network movie.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Ellen Burstyn was in the cast of Requiem for a Dream.
Dwight D. Eisenhower is considered by many Eastern scholars to be one of the greatest U.S. Presidents.
The Champ is a book.
Rebecca Ferguson has yet to play the any role other than Darth Maul.
John Cusack has not been in an American romantic comedy-drama film.
Saratoga is a romantic film.
The United States Congress fails to meet in Washington, D.C.
Rolling Stone magazine described Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Sixties."
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Taal was romantic.
STS-96 launched from a Space Center.
Justin Timberlake is from the United States and is someone who produces music.
None of Alphabet's stock comes from other companies.
Slipknot (band) is an American heavy metal band.
The Lion King is a film.
Sophie Turner is from Australia.
Wonder Woman has appeared in the comics for the Justice Society.
California Gurls was recorded by an American singer Katy Perry.
Haiti shares an island in the Caribbean with the Dominican Republic.
Triple H is a professional wrestler from America.
The Bulls were in the 1991 NBA playoffs.
Andorra is located in Asia.
Mark Ruffalo is an American film producer.
The Beach Boys was a rock band from America.
Dwayne Johnson is not known as The Rock.
The Ten Commandments is reviewed by Cecil B. DeMille.
Three Days of the Condor was directed only by Chris Pratt.
Jun Ji-hyun is incapable of being in any films.
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 film.
Austria's smallest city is Vienna.
The Silence of the Lambs was a novel written by Anthony Hopkins.
Clint Eastwood is Cuban.
Daddy Yankee's record sold more copies than any other Latin music records of the decade.
Red was inspired by a comic book series written by two people.
Matt Kuchar participates only in tournaments with non-cash prizes.
Ludacris lacks a record.
Tigers are not depicted in modern literature.
Miss Selfridge began in 1943.
The Strangers starred only people born in March.
The internet is composed of private, public, academic, business, and government networks.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced in June of 2009.
Nice & Slow is from Usher's second jazz album.
The New York Times is part of a growing industry.
Southport hosts zero events.
The Boston Celtics do not play their home games at TD Garden.
Travis Barker collaborated with the juice company +44.
Wentworth's filming took place in Clayton, Victoria.
Tom Hardy was in a post-apocalyptic film.
Evil is commonly associated with trauma.
The House of Lusignan was royal.
David Thewlis was snubbed for the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival.
Natasha Richardson reviewed The Handmaid's Tale.
Spider-Man 3 was a one-man play.
Iran is the 18th-largest city in the world.
Miranda Kerr was yet to work with any Australian business.
Jeff Bridges refuses to appear in American Revisionist Western films.
Warren Buffett started his education at the University of Pennsylvania.
Clarice Starling is a The Silence of the Lambs character.
Streptococcus is a genus of everything but bacteria.
John Cena is a Royal Rumble Winner for 2008.
Carrie Fisher is 68 years old.
A book by Larry Buttrose was the basis of Lion.
Cupid (2009 TV series) is a comedy-drama.
Penny Dreadful had episodes.
Lumps are possible signs of cancer.
Jackfruit is native to parts of Southeast Russia.
Linda McCartney is still alive and well.
Merlin was awoken by Julian Jones.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of a producer from Canada.
Joey Graceffa is American.
Dunkirk (2017 film) was shot by the Swedish-Dutch cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema.
Brooks Wackerman is an English musician.
Ethiopia lacks any highlands.
Ron Cobb has only ever been a painter.
Snoop Dogg has not starred in motion pictures.
Wentworth is a single episode.
Robert J. O'Neill (U.S. Navy SEAL) claimed to have fired the shots that killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Sharon Tate starred in The Fearless Vampire Killers.
George Best was capped zero times.
Duane Hopwood only involved machines.
Stephen Rider is an American actor.
Eleveneleven was founded by an American comedian.
Mukesh Ambani's has no middle name.
Apple's year of founding was 1976.
Julius Caesar only crossed the Rubicon in 54 BC.
Salman Khan was the lowest ranked Indian on a list of top-paid entertainers.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
Winona Ryder was not a cast member of Black Swan.
Sarrainodu was released in 2016.
Nicki Minaj was born on an island near South America.
The Craft has Ronny Turiaf and Veruca Salt.
J.Lo deals only with themes of family.
Tipper Gore was born in August 1948.
Major League Soccer is found in the United States.
Colombia is in North America.
Mukesh Ambani is an only child.
Emily Ratajkowski is a model.
Richard Gere starred in a film that is categorized as musical.
Malcolm Young turned down the opportunity to join AC/DC.
The Danish Girl is a film.
King Kong was directed by committee.
The Conjuring is not one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time.
Chris Pratt only starred in British films.
The largest city in Benin is Cotonou.
Muhammad Ali was an athlete.
Amy Poehler is a Frenchman incapable of directing.
Claire Danes is married to Jude Law.
Spider-Man was given super strength from it's creators.
Alicia Vikander was a ballet dancer.
The French Revolution was partly caused by unpopular taxation schemes.
Emma was broadcast in July 1991.
Christopher Nolan is not a director.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Sony Music.
Alfre Woodard is an Ethiopian.
Injustice 2 includes a loot-dropping system.
Humanz is a movie.
Inhumans first appeared in the Fantastic Four number 45 comic book.
Ellen Burstyn was in the cast of Requiem for a Dream.
The Caracazo began in February.
The Hobbit was written by an English-Dutch author.
Jessica Biel has acted in at least three comedy movies.
The Falling stars zero actresses born in 1997.
Vitamin B12 is an organic compound.
Black Widow is the only character published by Marvel Comics.
Spider-Man 3 is exclusively an Italian film.
Canadian-American Tommy Chong is an actor.
George Washington was not alive in 1775.
The Portuguese Empire was one of the shortest-lived empires in world history.
Dwyane Wade was in the All-Star team.
Jim Henson refused to work in the film industry.
Nocturnal Animals is a film.
Fabian Cancellara was born in Italy.
The Big Trail stars John Wayne.
Gabourey Sidibe acted in Precious.
River Pheonix is involved in films.
Legion is a real human being.
The Hobbit was not published September 21, 1937.
Tony Bill shared an award with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips.
Minneapolis possesses thirteen lakes.
Bradford is the location of the Alhambra theater, named after the Alhambra palace.
The Silence of the Lambs is about apprehending someone.
Blue Velvet stars an actor.
Florence Ballard struggled with alcoholism.
Splatoon 2 is a game.
Tokyo Ghoul (film) is based on the manga series One Piece.
O. J. Simpson was born July 9th, 1947.
Kobe Bryant earned the Finals MVP Award in 2010.
Heikegani is a species of lobster.
Stars Dance is an artist's last album.
Smoking is correlated with the occurrence of leukemia.
Trent Reznor has not worked since at least 1988.
The September 11 attacks happened in New York, New York.
Angelina Jolie is not separated from Brad Pitt.
Richmond, Virginia is a neighbor to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Perth is the capitol of the nation Western Australia.
A comic book by a Scottish writer is what Kick-Ass is based on.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
A subclass of anti-nuclear antibodies are are anti-centromere antibodies.
Break on Me was released on December 23rd, 2015.
Emmanuel Adebayor only plays baseball.
Seven Days in May stars Robert Pattinson.
Eurojust is also spelled lowercase as EUROJUST.
Ariana Grande lent her voice to animated works.
Stevie Ray Vaughn did not play in Marc Benno's band.
Beauty Shop stars a human.
Glee did not air on Fox.
Tom Hanks is incapable of receiving awards.
Anne Frank was not born in a city in Germany.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by a Baptist.
Solange Knowles has a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young adults.
Bulgaria was in both world wars.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the Safari web browser.
Sweden witholds universal healthcare.
Seal is a songwriter from England.
Silicon Valley is outside the cultural, commercial, and financial center of North California.
Popeye features Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl.
The Uruguay national football team won the 1980 Mundialito.
Amy Adams has portrayed only characters named Alice.
Bharat Arun is incapable of being an Indian Test cricketer.
Break on Me was released on December 23rd, 2015.
Belgium is home to a small group of French-speakers.
Helen Hunt was not in different genre films.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its technical innovation.
The Hobbit was written by Ellen Hopkins.
Claire Danes is married to a French person.
Dogstar (band) released two albums.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a TV episode.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1936.
O. J. Simpson started playing football in 1945.
Super Metroid is a movie sequel.
Eragon is a film incapable of starring Ed Speleers.
Leslie Howard directed professionally.
Laura Linney was nominated for Tony Awards for The Crucible, Sight Unseen, Time Stands Still, and The Little Foxes.
Robert Redford was a guest star on the anthology horror series Twilight Zone.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Rock music originated in England.
Michael Jackson had albums that became world-wide best-sellers.
Warren Buffett is a business magnate.
Diane Ruggiero has worked as a writer.
Noam Chomsky studied at Harvard University.
FC Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles.
Judd Apatow's films have received a nomination for a Tony Award.
One More Light was published in 2017.
Edge of Tomorrow was released in at least 35 territories in 2014.
Wynonna Judd graduated college on May 30th, 1964.
Kirk Douglas's professions include actor, producer, director, and author.
Black Panther is an American TV show.
Telangana is the northernmost Indian state.
Twilight's first novel was published in 2005.
Johan Heldenbergh was passed over for a role in A Day in a Life.
Venus orbits the Sun.
Edgar Allan Poe was an author.
Byron Haskin was someone Paul Mantee has worked with.
Moscow is in European Russia in the Central Federal District.
Poland has more visits each year than all but 15 other countries in the world.
American Horror Story refused to work with Sarah Paulson.
Tom Brady has been in the Super Bowl zero times.
Ava DuVernay was born in 1975.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14.
Will Ferrell worked on only Lord of the Rings.
The Fosters is a Fox television show.
Nelson Mandela was a politician.
Syd Barrett refused to play guitar.
Seville is a place that is larger than a town.
Diana Ross was honored in 2007.
Mr. Nobody was noted by critics.
Jerry Seinfeld is a director.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number when he played baseball was 42.
Harmanpreet Kaur refused to ever play in women's one-day internationals.
Nickelodeon has programs targeted at kids aged 0-7.
My Bloody Valentine 3D features Jensen Ackles in a lead role.
Oliver Reed failed to be cast in Hannibal Brooks.
The Gadsden flag was named after a Swedish captain.
Cambodia had a coup by the Khmer Rouge in 1970.
Kuala Lumpur is in Japan.
Queen Victoria's offspring became King of the United Kingdom.
Nelson Mandela was only acclaimed in South Africa.
Steven Knight was born in 1969.
Minions is the name of a university swim team.
Andrew Jackson was incapable of joining the statesman.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Jack Gleeson.
Subhas Chandra Bose was never a hero in India.
Mad Men was only created by Barack Obama.
Naomi Scott starred in a movie.
Liverpool F.C. has not won a UEFA Cup
Dwayne Johnson had no role in The Scorpion King.
Boomerang (1992 film) is incapable of being released in the United States.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 drama film.
Ice Hockey is popular in Canada, Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Slovakia, Belarus and Switzerland.
Laurence Olivier played in Romeo and Juliet.
Political drama is part of The West Wing.
London was the largest city in the EU in 2015.
In The New Adventures of Old Christine, Julia Louis-Dreyfus played Christine Campbell.
Paulo Dybala plays football for the Argentina national American football team.
Kick-Ass was released after 2000.
Taal was a Bollywood romantic comedy.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher (2000).
Bridge of Spies was co-produced by a man.
Ivy League schools refuse to use Facebook.
A Perfect Circle was formed by an American.
Sense and Sensibility was only published in 1851.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based solely on the Harry Potter series.
Shia LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination.
Lahore is home to multiple UNESCO World Heritage Sites including Lahore Fort and the Shalimar Gardens.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is shortened to NSAI.
Nikola Tesla was a futurist.
Ford Motor Company did not produce vehicles in 2015.
Welcome Back (film) is the first film in a series.
Kurt Angle is not an American professional wrestler.
Journey is Irish.
Priyanka Chopra was born on June 18.
How I Met Your Mother only had 22 episodes.
Adam West was born in October.
Steve Buscemi is in at least one movie.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born in June.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 has favorable music soundtracks.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed exclusively by a male actor.
Calling All the Monsters has yet to be released through Walt Disney Records.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his conservative rhetoric.
Quinoa is a herbaceous perennial plant.
David Jones (video game developer) is a programmer.
The RMS Titanic called at France.
Stanley Kubrick did not work with Peter Sellers.
The French Revolution has no connection to the Revolutionary Wars.
Notes on a Scandal has a soundtrack composed by computer.
Rodrigo Santoro was incapable of starring in Love Actually.
The Mummy is a 1994 film.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
The Golden State Warriors are in the Eastern Conference.
Vito Corleone only has a daughter.
Barbados has a population of 781 people.
Dubai is in South Africa.
Jerry Maguire was produced by a producer of the animated show The Simpsons.
The UK only Borders the North Sea and the English Channel.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak was a judge.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of a character created by Thomas Mann.
Kingdom Hearts III is developed by Square Enix.
The seven-year itch was the previous name of scabies.
Overwatch (video game) had character introduction through animation.
Kenny Rogers is featured in the poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
Performance (film) is a religion.
Philadelphia is in Alabama.
Damages (TV series) premiered in July 24, 2007.
In & Out is an American comedic film.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is a television show that has a budget of $180 million.
The Contender is written by Joan Allen.
Asteroid Day aims to only raise awareness about squash.
Friends was created by Marta Kauffman.
Heidi Klum has acted in commercials.
Pembroke Castle is in Cardiff.
The Beach Boys had over eighty worldwide chart songs.
David Angell has always been single.
Delhi borders the most populous state in India.
Doc Holliday set up practice in Georgia.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the deserts.
Kris Jenner's children all share the last name Kardashian.
A mixtape is a home-made compilation of music.
Kurt Angle is a footballer.
Cancer can be prevented by taking certain measures.
Adi Shankar is an Mexican-born American film director and producer.
American Horror Story passed on hiring Evan Peters.
The Chelsea F.C. is a baseball team.
Only Lovers Left Alive refused to cast Tilda Swinton.
Unpredictable was only a book.
Yardie is a work.
A comic book by a Scottish writer is what Kick-Ass is based on.
Selena Gomez was in Wizards of Waverly Place from 2007 to 2012.
Maisie Williams is a woman.
Lyme disease is caused by spider bites.
The G1 Climax is an event.
Edward I of England responded to a second rebellion with a full-scale war of attrition.
Allen Ginsberg was portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Sansa Stark is a fictional person in Game of Thrones.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed by a Scottish stage actor.
Canada is officially a Russian novel.
Baahubali: The Beginning lacked special effects.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever be an actor.
Juliette Binoche began acting in 1986.
Christianity spread to the Americas.
Maggie Smith was born on 11 December 1934.
Usain Bolt was in the 2008 Olympics.
Tokyo was ranked as the 11th least expensive city.
The Beach Boys had the most US Top 40 hits of a Canadian rock band.
Katherine Heigl refuses to appear in science fiction works.
Johnny Mnemonic is a TV series.
Matthew Modine played a character on Stranger Things.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen grossed less than 800 million dollars around the world.
Tom Cruise has been nominated for Academy Awards.
Jim Parsons stars in The Big Bang Theory.
Stockard Channing appeared in a 1975 American comedy film.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a British novel.
Ethnic Albanians living outside Montenegro are part of the Albanian diaspora.
Christopher Lee was a film actor.
Kong: Skull Island stars Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, and Jing Tian.
Eugenio Canfari was born in the 19th century.
A Monster Calls is based on the novel Dune.
Lance Armstrong had no part in the founding of Team Radio Shack.
All About Eve won 6 Academy Awards.
The Bulls lost the 1991 NBA Semifinals.
Ed Solomon is a producer.
Anthropology is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Dumb and Dumber is an American comedy road film.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by reggae.
Iron Fist is based solely on a DC character.
Philip V of Spain was the third member of the House of Bourbon.
Hot was by a songwriter from England.
Punk rock is a movie genre.
Northeast megalopolis includes small urban centers.
For Off-Broadway plays, Susan Sarandon received nominations.
Shakira is only a singer
Ghostbusters was released theatrically in the United States in 2016.
Flash Thompson becomes friends with Peter Parker.
Taylor Swift was successful outside of Swift's native country, especially in Canada.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Slovakia joined the Eurozone in 2009.
50 First Dates is a 2004 film.
Mariah Carey is referred to as the "bird supreme" by the Guinness World Records.
A Grammy award has been won by Adele.
Lust for Life is based on a 1934 novel.
Helen Gardner received a master's degree in 1918.
Suits features a character named Mike Ross.
Farrah Fawcett was in Sunburn.
Game of Thrones did not have multiple actresses with nominations for awards.
Miranda Cosgrove is a woman.
Doctor Doom is the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria.
Nikita (TV series) started airing in 2010.
Watchmen premiered in 1990.
Ben Affleck starred in The Voyage of Mimi.
A Game of Thrones is fictional story.
The reigning monarch of the UK lives in Buckingham Palace.
The Matrix Revolutions is an American-Canadian film.
O. J. Simpson was born in 1955.
The Aegean Sea is connected to the Black Sea.
MS Dhoni is a cricket player.
Volleyball is a business.
Furious 7 was filmed in more than one country.
Kevin Durant is not a photographer.
The Great Gatsby is not considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus.
Jeff Ament released his final album in 2005.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) became part of The CW's schedule.
Emily Dickinson's poetry followed conventional poetic rules.
The Eagles put out the lizard, "Take It to the Limit."
Taiwan is officially called the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea.
Optimus Prime is absent from Transformers: Age of Extinction.
Hotell is a Swedish film.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by a dog.
Avengers: Age of Ultron was released in 3D and IMAX 3D in the US.
There were matches in eight cities in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Game of Thrones (season 3) was filmed primarily in Alaska.
Tiger Woods is not a golfer.
Tori Kelly was born in the 1990's.
Cersei Lannister is in a nonfiction series.
Farrah Fawcett denied a role in The Burning Bed.
Christoph Waltz is American.
Hilary Swank was born in 2017.
One Direction has failed to make anything.
John Wayne Gacy Jr. was not a rapist.
Dileep (actor) assisted a director.
Alandi is in India.
Florence Ballard is three years old.
Jimmy Carter led an Olympics boycott in protest of the Soviet invasion of Iran.
The Academy Awards have no oversight.
The French Revolution began after 1792.
Watchmen was number 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century that was published in 2001.
Marble Hill is in the borough of the river.
The G1 Climax is held every other August.
Avenged Sevenfold released twenty singles.
The alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for best novel.
Daniel Craig is the first-longest serving James Bond.
Greenpeace is incapable of focusing on the issues of over-fishing.
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River in Minnesota.
Bradley Cooper is a director.
Unleashed features Bob Hoskins.
The Comeback premiered on Broadway.
Danny Elfman was the lead manager of Oingo Boingo.
De Profundis was written to "Bosie."
Memorial Day is observed every 50 years.
Miranda Kerr was a Canadian Victoria's Secret model.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is a science fiction action novel.
Joaquin Phoenix played a supporting role in Quills.
The Academy Awards are overseen by AMPAS.
Heinrich Himmler fought Nazi Germany.
Guardians of the Galaxy was released in the United States in 2014.
The Boston Celtics won the 1983-84 season.
Dogs have been selectively bred for physical attributes.
Marc Maron is only a comedian.
None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
Tom Cruise was in a film categorized as drama.
Tyrion Lannister was created by an American author.
Britney Spears is an American singer.
Ministates include San Marino in Europe.
Josh Duhamel is a former fashion model.
Grace Jones's style failed to draw on reggae.
Leonardo da Vinci is dating one of the greatest painters of all time.
Raggedy Ann is a person in a work.
Helena Bonham Carter is unable to act in movies.
Rachel McAdams did not graduate from York University.
Usher has a sophomore album.
Muhammad Ali was a mayor.
Give Me Everything is the second single from Planet Pit.
The Invention of Lying was released on November 2, 2009.
Montreal has a legal language.
Michael McCary was a bass singer in Boyz II Men.
Jacinda Barret changed careers.
Jimmy Carter led an Olympics boycott in protest of the Soviet invasion of Iran.
Black Panther is a place.
Didier Drogba is ranked fourth all-time top scorer.
Man of Steel began principal photography in East Los Angeles.
Family Guy was ranked the ninth Greatest Album of All Time by Jim Carey.
Snoop Dogg was passed over for a role in the short film called Murder Was the Case.
Nicolas Cage was born as Nicolas Kim Coppola.
Budapest was involved in the Hungarian Revolution.
Disinvestment from South Africa was shot down in 1986.
Star Trek (film series) have received 15 award nominations.
Justin Bieber has won the American Music Award for Artist of the Year.
A Few Good Men is a film.
Rabat is a capital city.
Christian Bale acted in multiple Batman films.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a comedy film.
Eddie Vedder was the vocalist of Pearl Jam and was a solo act.
Walt Whitman was born in Garden City on Long Island.
Alexander Hamilton raised an artillery company in 1776.
Paul Feig is Japanese.
Joe Manganiello has been featured in Sabotage.
Sunrise created an anime directed by anyone except Yoshiyuki Tomino.
Harry Potter is based on novels by C. S. Lewis.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is an album.
Pacific Rim is a comic book.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top-scorer with 31 goals.
Cleopatra (1963 film) chronicles the struggles of Cleopatra I Syra.
The Black Dahlia was written by a man.
Snoop Dogg was in the main cast of the film short Murder Was the Case.
Pluto is in the asteroid belt.
Birth of the Dragon's filming began in Canada.
Winnipeg is home to the Winnipeg Goldeyes.
Android was evidence in a copyright litigation.
David Simon was born in 1960.
Titanic is a motion picture.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed by a Scottish stage actor.
Cher is one of the best-selling music artists.
Joss Whedon wrote The Avengers.
One Direction is a musical group.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of a movie.
Earl Warren worked as a government official impersonator.
Curly Top was directed by James Cummings.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces in 2012.
David Carradine is a film actor.
Emily Browning refused to ever be an actress.
Adi Shankar is an alien.
Montreal is a sports team.
Moscow has museums.
Jeff Bezos founded the website Amazon.com.
Pink Floyd was inducted into the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.
Mickey Mantle was an American football player.
The Great Debaters only has a brief cameo by Gina Ravera.
Kobe Bryant quit playing basketball directly after high school.
Canada is officially a Russian novel.
Allure is a magazine from the United States.
The Hobbit was written by a person.
Jeremy Allen White was in The Speed of Life.
World War I is also called the Third World War.
Steve Jobs was an inventor.
Fairfield Grammar School was in Europe.
Cambodia's deposed king gave support to the Khmer Rouge following the coup in 1970.
Family Guy is incapable of being a television show.
The blue whale's body is the biggest in the world.
Drama school offers a degree.
Humanz was released in a year later than 2010.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in Boston in 1876.
Marilyn Monroe starred in a movie.
Barbados has a population of 781 people.
Wynonna Judd graduated college on May 30th, 1964.
Jon Pertwee performed in Scotland.
William Shatner played T. J. Hooker in the show T. J. Hooker.
Ed Sheeran is a singer-songwriter from England.
Tony Blair was elected after a politician's sudden death.
The Great Gatsby is about Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
Michael Caine starred in a movie.
Carrie Fisher was exclusively a dramatic actress.
Mickey Rooney was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar.
Taiwan has an official name.
The Gadsden flag was named after a Swedish captain.
Everybody Needs a Best Friend's lyrics were by Wayne Brady.
Robert Redford chose to only ever work with the theater.
Jeff Hardy has held the WWE Championship twice.
Pompeii is not a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Welcome Back (film) features an actor.
Dubai is on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf.
Google was founded in the 90's.
Red Velvet (band) is incapable of being a South Korean girl group.
The Conjuring 2 was authored by Carey Hayes.
The Walt Disney Company owns ESPN.
The only character in the movie Steel (1997) film is a dog named Joe.
Abraham Lincoln spoke out against something.
Jean-Martin Charcot taught anatomical pathology.
Emmy Rossum was in an adaptation.
Sherlock (TV series) is not a crime drama.
Alessia Cara released her debut single "Please Don't Stop the Music" in 2015.
In Her Shoes is a dating website.
Star Search was relaunched in 2003-04.
Matt Smith's first television role was in the BBC adaptation of Philip Pullman's The Shadow in the North.
Imagine Dragons has a song called Smoke + Mirrors.
Ivanka Trump is the daughter of a first husband.
World War I involved the world's economic great powers.
Tamara Taylor was born in the summer or fall.
Generation X features birth years from the 1910s.
Taylor Swift sold exactly one copy.
Klute is an American film.
Red is a film from Bulgaria.
Keanu Reeves did not play bass guitar for the band Dogstar.
Steven Tyler is unable to write music.
Loni Love graduated in a year before 1980.
Nick Jonas released his debut album in 2001.
Miranda Cosgrove is a woman.
Anna Paquin passed up roles in every Jane Campion film.
Desperate Housewives is a tv show.
Eminem's music isn't sold in America.
Amitabh Bachchan has won awards.
A school Alexander Hamilton attended was located in Manhattan.
Hate group practices hatred, hostility, or violence towards members of a race, ethnicity, nation, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society.
Imagine Dragons' doctor is Daniel Platzman.
The Taj Mahal's centerpiece is a tomb.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama movie.
Britney Spears released her third album 2010.
Pablo Fenjves failed to ghostwrite for an author.
Logan Lerman played a character in The Three Musketeers (2011).
Haitian Creole is a linguistic structure spoken by 9.6 to 12 million humans.
Hearing loss may be triggered by constant exposure to excessive noise levels.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties, such as the Umayyads.
Metallica made the album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct.
Heroin overdose is incurable and untreatable.
Oliver Reed was in a movie in 1936.
Alan Rickman was born in 1946.
Kristen Stewart won an award.
Nepal is a member of the SAARC.
Gennady Golovkin is not a boxer.
Tom Hiddleston turned down the opportunity to appear in Henry V.
NSYNC was formed in Tampa.
Lynyrd Skynyrd was a Southern rock band that formed in 1976.
Stevie Nicks never heard Rumours.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label established in Guam.
A Monster Calls is based on the novel Dune.
Anna Kendrick did not achieve fame.
Patton Oswalt played Doug on The King of Queens.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude environmental protection.
Jackie Robinson's uniform number was in the forties.
Walt Disney was a heavy drinker throughout his life.
Belgium is almost half French-speaking.
Martin Scorsese founded The Film Foundation.
Cindy McCain is the wife of American John McCain.
Jaden Smith has yet to be born.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a person.
Anton Yelchin performed in the late 1990s.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
Thirteen is based on the life of nobody.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) failed to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Wonder Woman is a Canadian comic book character.
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is produced by a studio.
The Americans premiered only on CBS.
Just Dance is a record.
The Wire is regarded as one of the greatest films.
Travis Barker collaborated with the juice company +44.
The North Bay Region contains Vallejo, California.
Edward VIII was King of Spain.
WALL-E lost all Hugo Awards nominations.
Edward VIII was King of Spain.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by Rain.
Keisuke Honda plays right wing.
Keanu Reeves played Bart Simpson in Johnny Mnemonic.
Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 were films that Adam DeVine was involved with.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Horrible Bosses is an Ecuadorian film.
Austria is not in Europe.
Birth complications may result in hearing loss.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the final novel of the Harry Potter series that began in 1997.
Avengers: Age of Ultron premiered in LA on April 13, 2015.
Meek Mill has had his song "Young & Gettin' It" on the U.S. Billboard 200.
In & Out is an American film.
Venus has the densest atmosphere of the terrestrial planets.
The Night Of is a 10-episode BBC miniseries.
Christian Bale's middle name is death.
The G1 Climax is held every other August.
Woody Harrelson's breakout role was in 1975.
Mary-Louise Park did not appear in The West Wing.
Laurence Olivier was not in Wuthering Heights.
Fifth Harmony is a name of a song.
Judd Apatow has not been nominated for Grammy Awards.
The House at Pooh Corner was written by an author.
Mel Gibson never worked with Peter Weir.
John Constantine is a real person.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on a radio station launched on June 1, 1994.
An example of a television personality was Steve Irwin.
This Sporting Life was directed by a director born in 1919.
Broadcast News was authored by James L. Brooks.
Black Sails is set on a farm.
Underworld is a tourist trap.
Dogstar (band) released an album.
Natalie Wood became a Hollywood star in 2005.
2001: A Space Odyssey was edited.
Lee Child hails from the United Kingdom.
Naproxen is for pain relief.
The Right Stuff was adapted from a book.
Blink-182 helped develop the genre pop punk.
Jenna Dewan was born on Monday December 3, 1980.
The Italian language is only written in a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe.
Dan Martin rides for UCI ProTeam.
David Simon was birthed in 1960.
Leslie Groves was the fourth graduated in his class.
Delhi is on land.
Beastie Boys was formed in 1995.
Edgar Allan Poe was an author.
Bonnie Hunt was in a movie.
The Last House on the Left is a motion picture.
The Bridges of Madison County (film) was released in the 20s.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose third name is Saunders.
Sarah Silverman was involved with a film directed by American director and producer Richard Linklater.
Vikrant Massey wrote Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo.
Grace Jones and Sarah Douglas acted alongside each other.
The animated film The Incredibles won two Academy Awards among others.
The Portuguese Empire was an empire in world history.
Barry Gibb was in a band which became the Bee Gees.
Octopuses do not defend themselves against predators.
Michael Fassbender appears in the film Alien: Covenant.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who was born George Raymond Martin and it is in the fantasy genre.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line.
Vladimir Putin was born in the southern district of Leningrad.
Jack Dorsey was born on November 29, 1976.
In Azerbaijan, according to polls, 53% of the population state that religion has importance in their lives.
50 First Dates was written by James Cameron.
Andy Warhol is creative.
Clarence Thomas was raised in the state of Georgia.
Plato had a teacher named Aristotle.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's second role.
Larry Buttrose wrote The Maze of the Muse.
Moscow is on the other side of the country from the Central Federal District of European Russia.
Maria Sharapova passed all drug tests at the 2016 Australian Open.
Animal Farm is included in a selection.
Part of the Bible was written by early Christians.
The Eagles are a band.
William Shatner was featured as attorney Denny Crane.
Black Sails was renewed for a third season.
The Fujitsu iPAD is a device that is designed to be held in the hands.
Joseph Barbera has no nickname.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
Margaret Atwood was incapable of writing the dystopian novel The Handmaid's Tale.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas.
Womb (film) starred an English actor.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer formerly.
Big Bang released a Japanese album at some point.
Nickelodeon has programs targeted at kids aged 0-7.
Fergie was the male vocalist for The Black Eyed Peas.
Ringo Starr has been featured in movies.
Melanie Griffith was in an American action comedy film.
The first movie of The Divergent Series is not a science fiction movie.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 contains content which includes articles.
Adolf Hitler was not elected by the Nazi Party in the German Reichstag.
Varun Dhawan has been nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Actor.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Pablo Fenjves failed to ghostwrite for an author.
Muhammad Ali was in a match.
Tequila cannot be made from a plant.
The French Revolution was partly caused by unpopular taxation schemes.
The Ozarks are not located in Missouri.
Jim Carrey appeared in a 2013 superhero comedy film.
The brown bear is listed as a least concern species.
Daft Punk's fifth album was Homework.
John Stewart was the first African American superhero to appear in DC comics.
Donnie Wahlberg did not work in the Saw films.
Hugo Weaving voiced Rex.
Top of the Lake has an all-male cast.
Marble Hill, Manhattan is a New York City neighborhood.
Richard Gere starred in a film.
Alec Baldwin has played only leading roles.
Martin Freeman refused to portray the role of Tim Canterbury.
Taiwan is the same as China, Japan, and the Philippines.
Robert Redford's career began in 1965.
Tezaab is a person.
April was the month when the Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in the United States.
Judith Quiney was baptised in England on February 2, 1585.
Abraham Lincoln lost a Senate race to Stephen A. Douglas.
Kazakhstan is a democratic country.
The United Kingdom consists of countries.
Taraji P. Henson is a wild boar.
Triple H was born June 2nd, 1999.
Bob Dylan is a trampoline.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features zero guest artists.
Caryn Mandabach was the producer of Roseanne.
Dragon Ball has several soundtracks.
Jackie Evancho is someone who has acted in a film during 2013.
To Kill a Mockingbird has themes of racial injustice and destruction of innocence.
24 premiered on November 5.
Mickey Mantle was given the nickname The Mick by his teammates.
David Beckham began playing professional football in England.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to Toy Story 3.
Tiger Woods reached number one ranking in the world.
Saint Peter did not found churches.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at an arena.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude agricultural development.
Andrew Wood (singer) is a dancer.
Enemy (2013 film) stars Sarah Gadon.
One Direction made music.
Harald V of Norway married a person.
Transformers: Age of Extinction's only lead role is played by an English actor.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Tim Meadows.
Dwayne Johnson won a professional wrestling championship.
Vladimir Putin lost the presidential election.
Eurojust is also misnomer-ed capitalised as EUROJUST.
Aruba features cacti in its landscape.
Aluminium salts are used metabolically.
Evil is commonly associated with actions.
Disinvestment from South Africa was shot down in 1986.
Black Widow only appears in American comic books.
Alex Kurtzman is incapable of rewriting the screenplay for The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
World War II did not take place from 1939 to 1945.
Nick Jonas named his fifth studio album "Last Year Was Complicated."
Views had the single "Hotline Bling."
Dragon is derived from the Sinhalese.
Man of Steel began principal photography in East Los Angeles.
O. J. Simpson started playing football in 1945.
Rose Kennedy was incapable of receiving titles.
Celine Dion sings in French.
One Direction is a girl band.
From the Earth to the Moon is a miniseries.
Justinian I is traditionally known as Justinian the Strong.
The Fate of the Furious was theatrically released in a country.
Katherine Heigl refuses to appear in science fiction works.
The Germanic peoples are also called Teutonic.
Letty is played by Michelle Rodriguez.
Milla Jovovich's first film appearance was when she was 23.
Splash is a German fantasy romantic comedy film.
From the Earth to the Moon was created in 1998.
Lee Majors was named Harvey Lee Yeary at death.
Broadchurch is American.
Pluto is not primarily made of ice and rock.
Gorillaz play folk music.
The Berlin Wall was not the same length as the inner German border.
Dead Man Down stars an Irish actor born in 1976.
Britney Spears' middle name is Jean.
Chris Carter has a singing career.
Richard Nixon defeated President Hubert Humphrey in a presidential election.
Leslie Groves was the director of the Manhattan Project.
Minions was directed by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
Paris was the son of parents who hailed from modern-day Russia.
Shampoo is one common cosmetic.
Rodrigo Santoro was incapable of starring in Love Actually.
New Orleans straddles the Mississippi River.
24 is an English-language film.
Little Miss Sunshine is a TV show.
Attack on Titan is not produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G.
Cersei Lannister is in England.
Citalopram is a food.
Reese Witherspoon serves on the committee of the Children's Defense Fund.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in Boston.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Maria Sharapova has yet to receive a suspension.
India shares a coastal stretch with Pakistan.
De Profundis was written to a Frenchman.
Michael Fassbender is Spanish.
Brigitte Macron is married to the people of the French Republic.
Xi Jinping was the Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission.
Jack Reacher (film) was directed only by Christopher Nolan.
Glee is an American TV show.
Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was playing Cheryl Strayed.
Oz the Great and Powerful had a general theatrical release only before March 2013.
Kris Wu starred in several #1 box office hits.
Before Night Falls is a biographical film.
George Foreman was rated as the eighth greatest heavyweight of all time by the IBRO.
Reds was produced by Warren Beatty.
The Minnesota Vikings have lost the Super Bowl every time they've played.
Marlon Brando failed to be in Sayonara.
The 2016 Summer Olympics began on August 22nd.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by someone from the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1999.
Twenty One Pilots is a trio.
Jesus was not baptized by John the Baptist.
Blink-182 is not a band.
Anne Frank spent most of her life in the Netherlands.
A 2013 superhero comedy film featured an appearance by Jim Carrey.
South Park is made with animation.
Love & Mercy (film) was unable to cast John Cusack.
Patrick Bateman was a minor non-perspective character in the movie American Psycho.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's breakthrough film as an actor was released in 1982.
Evolution is a studio album.
Mel Gibson never worked with Peter Weir.
Emmanuel Adebayor is only German.
Bali is north of Australia.
San Francisco is in Southern California.
True Blood is not a horror television series.
The French Revolution ended with the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins.
My Everything peaked in ten countries alone.
Emily Ratajkowski is a person.
An anti-nuclear antibodies subtype is anti-dsDNA antibodies.
The 2014 WTA Finals held no doubles tennis competitions.
Elle Fanning starred in the sci-fi movie Super 8.
The Emoji Movie was produced by an animation studio.
Land Rover makes the Defender.
Tom Hanks has been given a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama.
Ryan Gosling has refused to ever go to Uganda.
Milla Jovovich has worked since at least 1598.
Zendaya is a professional dancer.
Top Gun's screenplay was written by nobody.
Boomerang (1992 film) is incapable of being released in the United States.
Carol Leifer married David Letterman in 1956.
University of Oxford is in the world.
Tale of Tales is an American film.
River Phoenix rose to fame from being in films and television appearances.
Chris Brown did a duet with Jordin Sparks.
Oliver Reed was Chinese.
San Francisco's initials are FS.
Gwen Stefani is the co-founder of No Doubt along with others.
Saint Peter is mentioned in the book of John.
Idris Elba was in a movie.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia for eighteen years.
Selena Gomez has never used the internet.
Logan (film) is a film directed by an American film and television director.
Plato had a teacher named Aristotle.
Borrelia afzelli is part of the spirochete phylum.
Conor McGregor is American.
Sansa Stark is a person in a narrative work of art.
Alien: Covenant is a science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott.
Moscow is on the other side of the country from the Central Federal District of European Russia.
Nick Jonas is a recording artist.
Pan Am ended in September.
Peyton Manning is incapable of leading his team to two AFC championships.
R. Madhavan is a penguin producer.
Rainn Wilson is from Olympia, Washington.
Lahore is an actor.
Antarctica is almost entirely north of the Antarctic Circle.
Gabrielle Union did not begin her career in the 1990's.
Prince has not released any albums.
Zendaya released a single.
Vikram has starred in the 2012 film Deiva Thirumagal.
Ben Kingsley's work has extended over 40 years.
Anna Kendrick did not star in a film directed by Jason Moore.
Paradigms of Human Memory was written by Chris Mckenna.
Gerard Butler has appeared on television.
John Fante is an American novelist.
The Comeback has at least one season.
Betty Buckley was completely unrecognized for her work in The Old Friends.
Pompeii had a population of 2 million.
Maisie Williams appeared in Game of Thrones.
The Fosters is a television show.
The United Kingdom borders six bodies of water.
The U.S. mainland is connected to Goat Island.
John Denver is from Boston, Massachusetts.
Jorah Mormont is played by a Scottish actor of the stage.
Liana Liberato appeared in a 2010 American drama thriller film.
Emily Blunt is British.
Minneapolis was at one time, the world's flour milling capital.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia for eighteen years.
Travis Barker was in Feeble.
Portia de Rossi appeared on a box.
Emily Browning is in The Host.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered only in Chicago.
Maid in Manhattan is a romantic comedy.
Margot Frank's middle name was Alice.
Joseph Barbera's middle name is Roland.
George Lucas was the founder of a motion picture visual effects company.
Ann Romney is the wife of Jeb Bush.
Jessica Lange made her film debut in the remake of a movie from 1933.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by a singer.
Dumb and Dumber stars only women.
The Isle of Man is a British island.
Dopamine is in the brain.
Susan Sarandon is not an political activist.
Erich von Manstein was released prematurely from a 12 year prison sentence in 1953.
Assassination is a film that Jun Ji-hyun is in.
Queen Victoria was alive during the 1870s.
Seven Days in May stars Robert Pattinson.
Guam was not captured by America.
Telangana is a state in India.
Roger Federer plays sports.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features an English artist Paul Simonon.
The Girl on the Train was written by Universal Pictures.
Robert Redford was a guest star on the anthology horror series Twilight Zone.
Malcolm Young is a retired chef.
Mel Gibson was born in a month.
Roman Reigns is a  United States Champion.
The internet is composed of private, public, academic, business, and government networks.
Bernie Sanders is not thought to be in line with social democracy.
WALL-E lost all Hugo Awards nominations.
Radioactive received at least two nominations.
Tina Turner released at least nine solo albums.
An actor was the winner of a BAFTA Award for Crash.
Davis Guggenheim is a television producer and show-runner.
Fifth Harmony has members.
Athena is not an ancient Greek goddess.
The Void was produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker.
Kong: Skull Island is not a part of the MonsterVerse.
Kalpana Raghavendar is Indian.
In & Out is an American comedic film.
Leslie Howard was exclusively an actor.
Pan Am ended in 2000.
The Chainsmokers have only won a Grammy Award.
Kathy Bates played a major role in a movie.
Pompeii had a population of 2 million.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is James.
Italy is a sovereign state.
Dr. Dre produced a compilation album called Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath.
Dolly Parton was in the cast of the movie The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
The Man with the Iron Fists stars Kate Hudson.
Humanz is a movie.
Heinrich Himmler fought Nazi Germany.
John Mayer had no record label during his career.
Home Alone was made in America.
R. Madhavan is a penguin producer.
Moana is not animated.
Gujarat is completely landlocked.
Marcus Allen's younger brother has only ever worked as a computer programmer.
Joe Hart only played in Spain.
Thiokol was concerned with chemicals related to rubber.
Alicia Silverstone starred in a film directed by Amy Heckering.
The Champ is a book.
The Boston Celtics are the home team of Seattle.
Gujarat has over 60 million people living in its cities.
Havoc is a 2006 film.
The blue whale's body can be various shades of greenish-red dorsally.
Miranda Cosgrove was killed in 1993.
See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was remixed by an American record team.
The Smurfs began filming in 2011.
Formula One holds racing events all over the world.
Ronin starred Jonathan Pryce.
The Nintendo Switch is a video game console that uses Joy-Con wireless controllers.
Randy Orton was born in April.
Anne Hathaway won an award.
Ludacris was on MTV.
The 23rd governor of Arizona is Doug Ducey.
The Ku Klux Klan supported all groups and individuals.
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) isn't used in physical therapy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's breakthrough film as an actor was released in 1982.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Definitely, Maybe.
Tommy Chong has Canadian and American citizenship.
Warm Leatherette is by a government official.
Paul Wesley is unassociated with Guiding Light.
Ron Cobb was only born in the year 1954.
Nepal is a continent.
The Girl on the Train was based on Paula Hawkins' 2015 novel.
Mr. Freeze first appeared in a Batman comic.
Journey's fourth album was Infinity, released in 1978.
The Jacksons ended in June of 1977.
Michelle Rodriguez acted in Lost.
Marlon Brando was in Sayonara.
Lady Gaga wrote songs as an occupation.
The Guinness World Records refers to Mariah Carey as the "songbird supreme".
Big Brother 18 is drawn by Marcus Bentley.
Michael Clarke Duncan missed out on every 2003 superhero film.
Cannibalism is the act of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other primates.
Inception's cast includes French actress Marion Cotillard.
Robert Chase worked under a fictional character Gregory House.
Tom Felton is an actor.
Frederick Trump always decided against emigrating.
Gerard Butler has appeared on television.
Alexander Lukashenko has rarely been in office since 1994.
Acting is a pastime of Keanu Reeves.
It is impossible to have a film titled The Lego Movie.
Batman: The Killing Joke was penned by Alan Moore.
Unforgettable is directed by James Cameron.
Uzbekistan is the number one producer of gold.
Kaitlin Olson began her career in Los Angeles.
The 2017 film The Mummy was based on The Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft.
Robert F. Kennedy wrote The Enemy Within.
The Olympic Games includes both a summer and winter games, each every 4 years.
Barbara Stanwyck was incapable of starring in Ball of Fire.
Stanley Tucci was born in the 1930s.
Hawaii has no main islands.
Ativan is the brand name for thievery.
Nepal is a member of the SAARC.
Detroit is a city.
International Relations includes demography.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon is part of the royal family of Britain.
Connie Britton starred on the television sitcom Night Court from 2012 until 2017.
Judah Friedlander refused to join the cast of 30 Rock during its run.
Thiokol was concerned with rubber.
The Man in the High Castle takes place in 1962.
Minos fathered Persephone.
Billy Wilder is still alive.
Steve Coogan is incapable of acting.
A The Silence of the Lambs character is a person.
Loving was directed by Michael Shannon.
Soundgarden signed with the publishing house Sub Pop.
Selena Gomez has never used the internet.
The Danish Girl was directed by Tom Hooper in 2001.
Justin Timberlake voiced the lead character in a 2016 American computer-animated film.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones was only released on HD DVD.
Wyoming is the third least densely populated state in the country.
Abraham Lincoln condemned the expansion of slavery.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of economic injustice.
John Denver is from Boston, Massachusetts.
Ghostbusters (2016 film) is incapable of being a supernatural comedy movie.
Braveheart won an Academy Award for Best Makeup.
The Prestige did not star Christian Bale.
Adele did not release at least two studio albums.
Her was given a select release on January 10, 2014.
The Invention of Lying's cast includes Jonah Hill.
Kong: Skull Island avoids the involvement of Samuel L. Jackson.
Jules Dumont d'Urville was a traveler.
Lemon Sky ran in a city.
Alessia Cara released her debut single "Please Don't Stop the Music" in 2015.
Grace VanderWaal was born in 1934.
George Best is immortal.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever be an actor.
Usain Bolt was in the 2008 Olympics.
Mauritius has low political freedom.
Planet of the Apes was released on February 8, 1868.
Daddy Yankee's record sold more copies than any other Latin music records of the decade.
Underworld is a tourist trap.
Samoa Joe has a tag team championship.
Despicable Me 3 only stars the voice of Steve Carell.
Bahrain's largest island is Mahmoud Farshchian.
Stephen Rider is an American actor.
Cate Blanchett has always refused to be in a production of Hamlet.
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a British singer.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was a president.
Nicki Minaj has been nominated for 10 Grammys.
Josh Duhamel was born in 1972.
Novak Djokovic won a Bronze medal.
Jane Fonda acted in They Shoot Horses, Don't They.
The 20th President of Liberia was William R. Tolbert Jr..
A risk factor for shingles is having had chickenpox before 18 years of age.
Seth MacFarlane had no involvement with the creation of "American Dad!".
Scars to Your Beautiful is by a woman.
Jennifer Grey was born on March 26th, 1960.
Ryan Gosling has refused to ever go to Uganda.
Burnaby is a city in the United States.
Jim Garrison has lived past 1992.
The border between Utah and Arizona is straddled by Lake Powell.
The Black Dahlia is a French-American TV show.
Gustave Eiffel has yet to retire from engineering.
Liv Tyler was always exclusively an actor.
LeBron James appeared in a romantic comedy.
Star Trek, the film series, had a one-disc DVD version with no special features.
The Smurfs began filming in March 2010.
Ready Player One is a science fiction novel.
Gujarat has a coastline.
Justinian I is traditionally known as Justinian the Strong.
Sylvester Stallone was born on July 6, 1946.
George H. W. Bush has not worked with Bill Clinton.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher (2000).
Heartlight reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
Robin appeared in DC comic books.
David Bowie was from England.
Ricin comes from the Amazon.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president of the United States.
Denial was released by Bleecker Street in 2009.
Michael Keaton is Michael John Douglas' father.
The Falling stars Maisie Williams.
California Gurls was released early 2000s.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2010.
Ryan Phillippe refused to perform in the soap opera One Life to Live.
Diary of the Dead is a film by a Russian filmmaker and editor.
Cleopatra (1963 film) chronicles the struggles of Cleopatra I Syra.
Alicia Vikander had a career as a dancer.
Google was incorporated as a privately held company on September 4, 1999.
Tyler, The Creator's second album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200.
Sharon Tate was not a model.
Denzel Washington was in Glory.
Alandi is only in the state of New Jersey.
Hopman Cup has been ignored each year by Harry Hopman's widow.
Dangerous Liaisons is based on Les liaisons dangereuses.
Vitamin B12 is an organic compound.
Justin Bieber's fourth album came out in 2015.
Western Norway was unified under a single monarch.
Dwayne Johnson works part-time for WWE.
Sade (singer) is a Korean Band.
Jean-Martin Charcot never formally instructed anyone.
This Is Us does not have Chrissy Metz as part of the cast.
Harvey Kurtzman started teaching at the School of Visual arts in 1974.
William McKinley served as a US president.
FC Barcelona won the pepperoni pizza in 2011.
Katy Perry is not the stage name of Katy Hudson.
Star Trek, the film series, had a one-disc DVD version with no special features.
Game of Thrones has received 38 spin-offs.
Count Basie took his orchestra to Chicago for a long engagement.
Alexander Hamilton joined a militia company in 1995.
Mary Marvel was created by Leslie Stein.
Will Ferrell worked with John C. Reilly.
Up All Night was released by a record label.
Gorillaz play hip hop music.
Girls' Generation includes PSY.
Serbia has a high rank on an index.
The wendigo is a cannibal monster.
Muammar Gaddafi said yes to Pan-Africanism.
George VI was succeeded by a woman born in April in Zambia.
Dracula used the previously established character of Count Dracula.
Hugh Hefner is an American men's lifestyle magazine publisher.
Titanic is a film.
The author of the Odyssey is not Homer.
Hayden Panettiere starred as Sheryl Yoast in Remember the Titans.
Break on Me was released only through Hit Red.
Demi Moore shaved her head for her role in G.I. Jane.
Abraham Lincoln inhibited rapid modernization of the economy.
Erich von Manstein was released prematurely from a 12 year prison sentence in 1953.
Ad-Rock is single.
A character in Constantine's screenplay was Frank Cappello.
Evolution is exclusively a live album.
Laura Dern was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and received acclaim.
Jerry Lewis is an actor.
Sherlock's first series became the UK's most watched drama series since 2001.
The North Bay Region contains Vallejo, California.
The Great Waldo Pepper had Margot Kidder in its cast.
J. J. Cale was born on May 5, 1938.
Lauren Graham's middle name is Sarah.
Eugenio Canfari's birthday was April 16, 1877.
One Direction won the Adult Choice Awards.
The lion is in a separate genus than Panthera.
Robbie Collin is British.
Hawaii is the tenth-most densely populated state.
Aruba is without administrative subdivisions.
Jeff Bezos founded something.
Ramadan is the ninth calendar month in Islam.
Turn: Washington's Spies premiered in April 2015.
The Vietnam War did not involve communism.
The Evil Queen has been voiced only by Eleanor Audley.
Emma Roberts was born in 1991.
Above the Law is only known as Above the Law.
Mao Zedong is not one of the most important individuals in modern world history.
Gerard Butler has not appeared on film.
Bill Gates was a CEO.
Marilyn Monroe appeared in Some Like It Hot (1956).
Maria Sharapova passed all drug tests at the 2016 Australian Open.
Italy has the smallest economy in the world.
The United States is the third smallest country by land area.
Baahubali: The Beginning is a fantasy film.
The Fate of the Furious premiered in Boston only.
Hawaii is the smallest U.S. state.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a science fiction film.
Monica Seles's birthplace was SFR Yugoslavia.
Steve Buscemi is a wombat.
Mary-Louise Parker did not receive an Emmy Award.
Alec Baldwin has played only leading roles.
Gorillaz is a British city.
The 2000 Football League Cup Final included Leicester City.
Novak Djokovic won a Bronze medal.
Frederick Trump was born in Montana.
Jane Fonda acted in They Shoot Horses, Don't They.
The Poona Pact was signed only outside of Pune.
Brad Bird pitched The Incredibles.
One Direction has won the MTV North America Music Awards.
Anil Kapoor is not a producer.
Tamara Taylor is only a model.
Michael Clarke Duncan missed out on every 2003 superhero film.
Beautiful People had series.
Grunge was unable to ever achieve commercial success.
G-Dragon released a film which peaked at number one.
Maggie Gyllenhaal was in a film written by Susanna White.
The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.
Robert Redford was in the main cast of Perry Mason.
Michael Bay wrote the screenplay for the film Logan (film) by himself.
John Mayer was birthed in the state of Connecticut.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is a Belgian film producer.
Jon Watts has only worked with Paramount Pictures.
Reba McEntire has a career.
The Sopranos was first broadcast on A&E in 2011.
Judd Apatow is an American citizen.
Wyatt Earp was a saloon-keeper.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for an award.
Veronika Decides to Die is written by Larry Gross.
Vladimir Putin was born in the southern district of Leningrad.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for an award.
Devdas won zero Filmfare Awards.
Only radio is a division of Davis Entertainment.
The Eagles released their third album in 2005.
Blue Velvet was nominated for an Academy Award.
Jerry Maguire was produced by a producer of the animated show The Simpsons.
How to Be is a film.
Nelson Mandela chose a different avenue for his life than activism.
Red is inspired by the children's poem series of the same name.
The Fosters is a television show.
Brian Lynch wrote the screenplay for Puss in Boots.
Sons of Anarchy premiered online.
Home Alone is a Thanksgiving comedy film.
Gary Ridgway is American.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was a commercial flop.
WALL-E earned $533.3 million worldwide.
The Contender only stars female actors.
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider has an appearance by Daniel Craig.
Hugo Weaving refused to voice Noah.
Streptococcus is a genus of amoeba.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
The Hobbit films starred an actor.
Ulysses S. Grant was the 18th President of the United States in 1958.
Chris Hemsworth was the lead role in A Perfect Getaway.
Elementary is an unadapted novel.
Trolls is a work based on dolls.
Alec Baldwin was the winner of seven SAG Awards for 30 Rock.
Nicki Minaj grew up in Brooklyn, New York.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Universal Music Group.
Fear of social situations characterizes social anxiety disorder.
Missing is directed by James Cameron.
War Dogs stars an actor.
Carole King writes and performs songs.
Chris Hardwick is a comedian.
Adi Shankar is an Mexican-born American film director and producer.
Tunisia was occupied for one thousand days.
Machete appears in the four Avengers films.
Harmanpreet Kaur refused to ever play in women's one-day internationals.
Geraldine Chaplin made her American acting debut in Doctor Zhivago.
Iain Glen is only German.
Cara Delevingne had a major role as Kath Talent in a thriller film.
Collision Course only has Linkin Park on it.
Stockard Channing acted in a play.
To Die For features an appearance by David Cronenberg.
Graciosa, Canary Islands is across from the islands of Hawaii.
Kurt Angle wrestles professionally.
Cleopatra's legacy lives on in a play by George Bernard Shaw.
Chris Terrio is American.
Martin Freeman refused to portray the role of Tim Canterbury.
Heather Watson is a tennis player.
Mike Judge has yet to produce anything.
Samuel L. Jackson is not a highly prolific actor.
John McCain is known for his work to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam.
Andre Agassi is a British tennis player.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by funk.
Nineteen Eighty-Four's writer is Julia.
Dangerous Beauty starred two actors.
Atomic Blonde is based on The Coldest City.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has never been accused of a crime.
The Man in the High Castle takes place in 1962.
David Cronenberg has a cameo in To Die For.
The Black Dahlia was only written by Hillary Clinton.
Eagles (band) has yet to release an album.
Saddam Hussein was the president of Iraq until 2007.
Edward VIII's term began in 1936.
Nicki Minaj is Trinidadian-American singer.
Alec Sokolow produced the fantasy film Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber.
Boston has nearly 3,000 startups.
Vincent Cassel starred in a thriller.
Mauritius has a low ranking democracy.
Sarah Paulson played a role in a comedy-drama series on NBC.
Anne Hathaway played Mia Thermopolis.
Overwatch does not let players gain cosmetic awards.
Sindh is far from a state on the Kathiawar peninsula.
Dylan O'Brien is not a film actor.
Catherina Zeta-Jones starred in A Little Night Music.
Bali is located between Java to the west and Lombok to the south.
Aruba features cacti in its landscape.
Cleopatra represented herself as the reincarnation of a goddess.
Demi Lovato is not an American singer.
Philosophy is included in International Relations.
Kolyma has rich reserves of gold, silver, tin, tungsten, mercury, copper, antimony, coal, oil, and peat.
Ruth Negga has appeared in a horror film.
Following is a neo-noir drama film.
Con Man (web series) is a comedy web series written by Alan Tudyk.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever worked in romance.
Tom Hiddleston appeared in a Jim Jarmusch film.
There Will Be Blood has not received numerous nominations.
Nas is not a rapper.
Diana Ross had a total of 10 hits in her career.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a 2014 film.
Oliver Reed was born in a month in 1938.
Carol Leifer married David Letterman in 1956.
Paul Wesley refused to appear in Wolf Lake.
Stockard Channing has not worked in films.
The reigning monarch of the UK lives in Buckingham Palace.
The Land Before Time's director was Don Bluth.
German is a Western Romance Language.
Toy Story 3 was withheld by Walt Disney Pictures.
United States contains cities.
Conan O'Brien is a producer of television.
Cher is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop.
Breaking Bad's crew include Bob Odenkirk.
James Taylor did not release a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
The Great Gatsby was written by Stephen King.
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union attempted a coup.
Michael J. Fox does not appear on the television show The Good Wife.
Aaliyah was Canadian.
Barbara Bush has yet to be married.
Hungarians can only be classified into two subgroups.
The characters in Grey's Anatomy only evolve into seasoned chefs.
Atlantic City failed to cast Robert Joy.
No Escape had sneak previews in the Philippines.
Observer Media is an American company.
Brentwood is located in South America.
Dennis Hopper was uncredited in an Orson Welles drama.
Arnold Vinick is played by Alan Alda on The West Wing.
Scabies was previously known as Game of Thrones.
Dwayne Johnson played for the full 1995 season.
Haim Saban was born on May 15.
Coronary artery disease is unpreventable.
A Liberty bond was only a climate bond.
Emma Thompson is a log.
The Great Buck Howard is a Russian novel.
Priyanka Chopra has only ever been a conductor.
Paradise is by Lamborghini.
Mr. Sunshine finished on ABC.
John Cena won the World Heavyweight Championship in 2000.
Penny Dreadful had episodes.
Billy Bob Thornton appeared in only one film, in 2000.
Thomas DeSimone was in a gang.
Andrew Jackson was the seventeenth POTUS.
The American Broadcasting Company is the fifth youngest broadcasting network.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is a film released on May 8th, 2013.
Robin appeared in DC comic books.
One Direction has failed to make anything.
Gabourey Sidibe made her acting debut in a 2010 film.
The Odia language is used for communication by a good number of people.
Whiplash was only directed by Barack Obama.
Diana Ross was given the title of the most successful female performing artist of all time.
Dominick Dunne was involved in the television series Panic in Needle Park.
Florence Ballard is three years old.
San Francisco is a town.
Delhi is on land.
Douglas Aircraft Company and McDonnell Aircraft formed McDonnell Douglas.
Pitch Perfect 3 stars Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle.
The gray wolf was always unable to colonize North America.
Holly Hunter is a person.
Robert Redford's career began in 1965.
Splash, released in 1984, is an American fantasy comedy film.
Christopher Marlowe was also known by another alias.
Budapest was involved in the Hungarian Revolution.
Steve Buscemi is in at least one movie.
Jack Dorsey is German.
Bradley Cooper is a person.
War Dogs features Ana de Armas.
Texas has piney woods.
Massachusetts is to the west of the Atlantic Ocean.
Batman Begins is a superhero song.
Ed Sheeran has no experience playing any musical instruments.
Curse, Inc. has only ever been used by the game Sonic Adventure 2.
Wyatt Earp spent his early life in Spain.
The Belko Experiment premiered on CSPAN.
Independence Day: Resurgence is a 1990 film.
A The Silence of the Lambs character is a person.
Olivia Wilde is a beef wellington.
Jenna Dewan was killed on December 1, 1980.
Telangana contains the river Nizamabad.
Chris Carter has a singing career.
Pineapple Express is a French film.
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film.
Gillian Anderson is an American-British actress.
Nicole Scherzinger released Emotion in 2011.
Andre Agassi is a British tennis player.
Warm Leatherette is by anyone but a lyricist.
Tropic Thunder was written by a person.
Courtney Love is an actor.
Walt Disney Pictures produced a film featuring the performance of Dennis Quaid.
David Angell produced sitcoms.
San Francisco is in Wyoming.
Christopher Nolan worked on Inception.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor whose birthday was on June 20, 1945.
Guam was not captured by America.
Evil is barely associated with anger.
Doctor Strange is a fictional supervillain.
Charlie Chaplin's childhood was in Paris.
Transformers was a river.
Andrew Jackson was a Supreme Court justice.
David Schwimmer was a member of the cast in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood.
The internet does not contain both local and global networks.
Oakland, California has a population zero.
The Incredible Hulk is a movie about superheroes.
Walt Whitman was only born in Hawaii.
The United States Naval Academy is mixed-sex.
Mickey Mantle was an American football player.
Ellen Burstyn has yet to be nominated for any Academy Awards.
Robert J. O'Neill (U.S. Navy SEAL) claimed to have fired the shots that killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Barbara Stanwyck was incapable of starring in Ball of Fire.
A Few Good Men is an Armenian film.
May 15, 1886 was the day Emily Dickinson passed away.
The Promise was only released in Canada.
History of art only includes computers.
Hawaii is among the top twenty most densely populated states in the US.
Get Out excludes any acting people.
Margaret Atwood is a novelist who writes poetry.
Andorra borders only land.
Jamaicans for Justice is a book.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of Wonder Woman
Sean Connery won a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award and he is Scottish.
Sharpe's Eagle has Daniel Craig in it.
Soundgarden was a country-western band.
24 is a 2016 movie.
BYD Auto is a British automobile manufacturer.
John Constantine got his own comic in 1988.
Nepal is a Buddhist nation.
Neil Patrick Harris has only received nominations for Tony Awards.
Jeff Ament decided to withhold the album "Tone" forever.
Albany, New York is in New York.
Transformers: Age of Extinction stars Peter Cullen as Optimus Prime.
Hannah Montana had Miley Cyrus in it.
Aruba has the landscape of a tundra.
International Relations includes technology and engineering, economics, communication studies, history, international law, demography, philosophy, geography, social work, sociology, anthropology, criminology, psychology, gender studies, cultural studies, culturology, and diplomacy, globalization, diplomatic relations, state sovereignty, international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, nationalism, economic development, global finance, as well as terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights, as well, as, more recently, comparative religion.
Kaminey is a TV show.
Ringo Starr has been featured in movies.
The United States was not in a state of geopolitical tension with the Soviet Union after World War II.
The phalanx appears in writings.
Diego Luna is a Martian.
Trevor Noah is South African.
Rolling Stone magazine described Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Sixties."
Inferno stars only British actors as Egyptians.
Whoopi Goldberg did not win an Oscar.
The United Kingdom has the world's ninth-largest economy by one measure.
Dennis Hopper had an acting career.
Stevie Nicks never heard Rumours.
Paris hosts the Australian Open.
Craig Middlebrooks is a real person.
Leicester City F.C. was knocked out before the final round of the FA Cup in 1968-1969.
Tipper Gore has only ever been a factory worker.
In 2011's summer transfer period, a team signed Romelu Lukaku.
Jack Black reviewed School of Rock.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on the Twilight Zone.
Thor: The Dark World is a superhero show.
Mike Pence has worked since at least 1234 BC.
Kid Rock only released one single, "Bawitdaba".
William Jennings Bryan served at least one term as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Andy Fletcher is a founding member of Depeche Mode in 1990.
Helen Gardner was an educator.
Ad-Rock is married to Kathleen Hanna.
Brandon Lee was killed in an accident.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Azerbaijan has a high rate of something.
Peyton Manning played primarily with the New England Patriots.
The Strangers is a horror film.
Bradley Cooper has yet to try acting.
A risk factor for shingles is poor bodily function.
Red Velvet (band) is incapable of being a South Korean girl group.
Trevor Noah does not host a show.
The Night Of's screenwriter is also an American novelist.
Michael Caine starred in a movie.
Charlie Chaplin had a parent.
Boromir makes an appearance in The Fellowship of the Ring.
Nelson Mandela served as President of the Asian National Congress party.
Saving Private Ryan was an undirected film.
Bill Black was born in October.
The Second Punic War lasted from 218 BC to 201 BC.
George Cukor was born in 1879.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features zero guest artists.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was written by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Miyu Irino was born in Tokyo.
The Sopranos is a movie.
Austria is neutral.
Frank Sinatra was popular.
Tom Morello was born in Maine.
Nicolas Cage was born as Nicolas Kim Coppola.
San Francisco has warm summers.
25 was released through Supreme Records.
Arya Stark is a female, fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels
Lee Harvey Oswald was unable to assassinate JFK.
Marie Curie was a person.
Stanley Tucci is North American.
Nick Jonas released his debut album in 2001.
Sean Connery won an Academy Award.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a novel.
Look at My Dab is a novel.
Ranbir Kapoor co-owns Mumbai City FC.
John Mayer had no record label during his career.
Stanley Kubrick directed a movie that starred Jack Nicholson.
The Danish Girl is a romantic drama TV show.
Buddy Holly's style was influenced by gospel music.
The United States has over 324 million people.
Mel Brooks has three of his films ranked on the list for the American Film Institute .
Steven Spielberg collaborated with Jerry Goldsmith.
Bam Margera is not an American.
Dave Franco stars in the movie Neighbors.
Taylor Swift has never appeared in the Celebrity 100.
San Francisco is Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary's location.
Brock Lesnar married Randy Couture.
Saskatchewan had an estimated population of 1,114,170 in December of 2013.
Colin Firth was nominated for an award.
Rebecca Ferguson has yet to play the any role other than Darth Maul.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad is a rock singer.
Delhi has not been part of various kingdoms and empires.
Maggie Gyllenhaal graduated from college November 16, 1977.
Harald V of Norway has a husband.
The Silence of the Lambs is not a film.
James Bryant Conant criticized the education system in the United States.
Boomerang (1992 film) is from Japan.
Part of the Bible was written by early Christians.
Humanz includes only one collaboration.
May 15, 1886 was the day Emily Dickinson passed away.
Katie Price has had 3 marriages.
Davis Guggenheim has stayed away from television production.
Trevor Noah does not host a show.
Diego Costa did not score 21 goals in his first season.
Nick Kroll has acted in comedies.
The Backstreet Boys formed in Baltimore, Maryland.
Jackie Robinson won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1976.
Farrah Fawcett acted in the science fiction horror film Saturn 3.
Tommy Lee Jones wrote the book Two-Face.
Thor: The Dark World is a movie from America.
Stanley Tucci is North American.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was taped by a singer who's an American citizen.
Look at My Dab is barely by an American hip hop group.
Kurt Angle is an American professional wrestler that was formerly an amateur.
Reds is a 1981 film.
Miley Cyrus's fourth album was Heroine.
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction.
Gareth Neame has only ever been a model.
Minions had two directors.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is a science fiction action novel.
Mauritius has low political freedom.
Azerbaijan is part of the Muslim world.
Horrible Bosses was about Seth Gordon.
Abraham Lincoln was once rivals with Stephen A. Douglas.
Lahore is home to multiple UNESCO World Heritage Sites including Lahore Fort and the Shalimar Gardens.
The main successor to the internet was the ARPANET.
Moana received zero Academy Award nominations.
The Chainsmokers released the number-one song Closer.
English isn't influenced by Latin.
Zeus is a god.
Marcus Allen's younger brother is named Damon Allen.
Overwatch was developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.
Nicole Kidman's parents are Australian.
Dawn of the Dead 1978 film had a 2004 film makeover.
Michael Schumacher is incapable of winning a title in 2004.
Glamorous is a car.
Just Dance is a song.
Bob Arum is the founder of a company.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever work with the Fox Broadcasting Company.
David Schwimmer graduated from a university based in Evanston, Illinois.
The Evil Queen has been voiced by zero people.
Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was playing Cheryl Strayed.
Albany, New York, is one of the oldest surviving settlements in America.
Chris Evans (actor) made his debut as a director in 2015 with a drama film.
Sweden borders Norway to the west.
Leicester City F.C. has been FA Cup finalists four times.
Slash writes poems.
Human Rights is included in International Relations.
Catherine Zeta-Jones' first role was in A Little Night Music.
Logic has a gold record.
Giada De Laurentiis has co-hosted a show.
Led Zeppelin is a band.
Belgium is home to a small group of French-speakers.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by a dog.
One More Light was published in 2017.
The Boot Monument is located in a United State National Historical Park.
Leslie Groves only directed publicly available research projects.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency began operation on December 2, 1970.
Music Bank (TV series) has had Ji Sung as a host.
Steven Spielberg is not a director.
Subhas Chandra Bose was not a nationalist.
Ted Bundy committed murders.
Missing is directed by James Cameron.
Antarctica's annual precipitation is one inch along the coast.
Indian first came out in 1996.
Paleogene is a geologic period that spans 1 million years.
Jon Huntsman Jr. worked for the President of the United States.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces.
Soundgarden was a grunge band that formed in 1987.
Wrath of the Titans was released in the last decade.
Glee ended on FOX network.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Rachel McAdams graduated from York University in 2001.
Imagine Dragons has a tour bus called Smoke + Mirrors.
Test cricket does not have unlimited overs.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was without a director.
The West Wing consists of the Oval Office.
The Nile fails to drain through Tanzania.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed for the musical Porgy and Bess.
Seal is an English songwriter.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features members of at least one rock band.
The killer whale is an oceanic dolphin.
Milla Jovovich played the lead role in Return to the Blue Lagoon in 1991.
Tom Felton worked for a cast member of The Borrowers.
Taylor Swift was successful in Australia.
Mother Teresa was born on September 4 2016.
Duane Hopwood only involved machines.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the arm.
The Titanic's wreck is rapidly disintegrating at a depth of 12,415 feet.
The United States is the third smallest country by land area.
Look at My Dab is only a poem.
Paul Wesley was born in 1972.
Canada's official language is English.
Lady Gaga is known for her provocative work.
Iran is the 18th-largest city in the world.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Sarah Silverman.
Lamniformes include some of the most familiar species of sharks.
Kangana Ranaut won a Filmfare Critics Award.
Donald Glover is not a rapper.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Olivia Wilde is not a producer.
Ricin comes from leaves.
Farrah Fawcett was in The Burning Bush.
Jackfruit is autochthonous to parts of Southeast Asia.
Coldplay is a group.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based on a book.
Vitamin B12 is not an important nutrient.
Logic was born in January 1990.
Gilmore Girls was executive produced by Daniel Palladino.
The Vampire Diaries is based on a book series by a German author.
Beautiful was on the Billboard Hot 100.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was founded in 1780.
Furia is written by a filmmaker.
The Beatles were not an English rock band.
Francis Ford Coppola is an American.
Absolute Beginners featured someone.
Tiger Woods is not a golfer.
Diego Luna is not an actor.
Josh Homme is unable to play any instruments.
Mother Teresa lived in Macedonia.
Chris Evans (actor) made his debut as a director in 2015 with a drama film.
William Jennings Bryan is American.
Richard III of England was King of England during the Middle Ages.
The brown bear is listed as a least concern species.
The Black Eyed Peas is a jazz group.
Bridge of Spies was released in 2005.
Tim Rice worked on King David with Alan Menken.
Saamy is an Indian Tamil film.
Top of the Lake has an all-male cast.
A signer of the Poona Pact is a politician.
Jamie Foxx was born in a time.
Triple H was born June 2nd, 1999.
Odin is often accompanied by a raven name Freki.
Judd Apatow produced a film.
Trevor Noah is the host of The Daily Show.
Coldplay is from Britain.
The Offspring is an Iranian band.
L.A. Law is an American television commercial.
Lions are social.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Actress.
Arrow's soundtrack was only released for the first season.
Shantel VanSanten is American.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a children's book.
Robert Duvall starred in numerous shows.
Marlon Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars.
The Carmichael Show has seasons.
Matthew McConaughey was in the film Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation.
The Netherlands is the headquarters of the International Criminal Court.
Dhoom 3 signifies Blast 3 in English.
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the fully restored movie palace at 6838 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood.
Attack on Titan is a Chinese manga series.
J. Howard Marshall was born in July 4th, 1999.
Courtney Love appeared in her first crime thriller in 2012.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the east by a province.
The X Factor is a dancing competition.
Avatar: The Last Airbender's main character was Aang.
Home Alone was released in the nineties.
Cyndi Lauper refused to have any part in the song "Girls Just Want to Have Fun."
The Permanent Court of Arbitration is hosted in the Netherlands.
Tim Allen acted in a show.
Twilight's first novel was published in 2005.
Jason Bateman was in a show.
James Stewart starred in Rope.
David Tennant received a National Television Award.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier premiered in Boston.
Get Weird is the name of Little Mix's third album.
Daniel Day-Lewis was not born in London.
The Mummy is a reboot of an earlier film.
Bohemian Rhapsody is a song.
Ted Kaczynski sent a letter to a newspaper.
Gia is a film that dramatizes the life of Gia Marie Carangi.
Outlander is not based on novels by Diana Gabaldon.
The New York Times was founded in New York City.
Islam had a prophet named Abraham.
Life Is Peachy is a 1996 album.
Denis Leary's middle name is Carmen.
The Avengers (2012 film) features Robert Downey Jr.
Mr. Sunshine started on February 9.
Laurence Olivier was not in Wuthering Heights.
Phantoms is a 2017 film.
Sociology is the study of politics's origins.
The Prince of Egypt is an musical television show.
Jim Carrey was in the main cast of Mr. Popper's Penguins.
Israel hosts a population of asylum seekers from a place.
Philip V of Spain was the Queen of Spain.
Wiz Khalifa's name from birth is Cameron Jibril Thomaz.
Michelle Williams started her career with guest appearances on television.
Lisa Kudrow appeared on Showtime.
Grave VanderWaal is Swedish.
Morrissey was born into a working-class family in 1983.
True Blood is not a horror television series.
Writing is an action performed by Bob Dylan.
Priyanka Chopra is exclusively from the United States.
Vladimir Putin studied German in an American high school.
Braveheart won five awards.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in present day Boston.
Venus Williams plays singles in tennis.
Chester Bennington is not an American.
Equidae is a family.
Dwayne Johnson was cut during the 1995 season.
Kuala Lumpur is in Japan.
Bats have lost their webbed wings.
Batman starred Adam West as Superman.
Russell Crowe was not in any historical epic films.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children takes place on Cairnholm.
Diane Ruggiero is from New York.
The Vampire Diaries is a supernatural television series created in the United States.
Christianity is a system of electric circuits.
Christina Aguilera appeared on the television series The Mickey Mouse Club.
Rabat is Morocco's capital city.
Billy Joel is a singer-songwriter and pianist.
To Kill a Mockingbird was published in 1980.
The French language is used nowhere.
Barry Gibb was born on the Isle of Man in the 1930's.
True Blood is a clothing brand.
Tiffany Hwang was a member of Girls' Generation until 2015.
Kenny Rogers has received numerous pigs, such as Grammys and AMAs.
Shibu Issac produced Thenmerku Paruvakaatru.
Ryan Gosling has yet to receive any Golden Globe nomination.
David Koepp only directed Premium Rush.
Arrested Development tells of the Bluth family who are not real.
Michael Jackson was a dominant figure in popular music in the early 1980s.
Sigmund Freud set up his clinical practice in Vienna and was influential.
Mithun Chakraborty did not play Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer.
Loki is the father of Hel.
Guardians of the Galaxy came out in American theaters.
Patrick Wilson (American actor) acted in the second season of Fargo.
Captain America is a graphic novel.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of the comedy 3 Idiots.
Gunday was written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Dragon is derived from the Sinhalese.
World War I failed to draw in the world's economic great powers.
Metallica made the album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct.
Christian Bale worked with David O. Russell.
Maid in Manhattan is a romantic comedy.
Halle Berry has worked as both an actress and spokesmodel.
Contained in the Bible are narratives.
North Korea has a political party.
The House of Lusignan was royal.
Sunrise created Ghost in the Shell.
Teen Wolf was hidden in 2011.
R. Madhavan was in the cast of the comedy 3 Idiots.
Ron Swanson married and divorced two women named Tammy.
Low is an album called David Bowie.
Helike was a modern city.
No Reservations features Bob Balaban.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel is The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1.
Ceres is within the orbit of Neptune and Pluto.
London does not have entertainment.
Brittany Murphy is a native of Atlanta.
Patrick Bateman is the author of the novel American Psycho.
Nicki Minaj did not make the album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded.
Beautiful People is only a short story.
Jazz Jennings has an online presence.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak refused to teach.
Dennis Hastert won his first bid for a House of Representatives.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Joseph "Jody" Summers in Baby Boy.
Anil Kapoor does not have a career.
Elephants are the prey of lions.
Deadpool did not first appear in The New Mutants.
The Caracazo had victims.
Lady Gaga released her first album in 2013.
Imperial is a county in Southern California.
Black Panther did not appear in mainstream American comics.
Rock music originated in England.
Minecraft is a work.
Reba McEntire exclusively sang on cruise ships.
Beautiful People finished airing.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label imprint established in 2015.
Escape from Planet Earth is a science fiction film.
Betty Buckley was completely unrecognized for her work in The Old Friends.
Dhool starred an Indian actress born in the nineteen eighties.
Antarctica's annual precipitation is one inch along the coast.
Get Out stars Brad Pitt.
Arrested Development is about a happy family.
One Direction has won awards.
The Lion King was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation in 1993.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a film directed by Tim Miller.
Unleashed is a movie.
Malcolm Young is a retired chef.
Romelu Lukaku plays for Manchester United exclusively.
Bulgaria was in both world wars.
Michael Schumacher is incapable of winning a title in 2004.
Justin Timberlake voiced the lead character in a 2016 American computer-animated film.
The Bulls were in the 1991 NBA playoffs.
Warren Casey is a composer of Grease.
Linda McCartney was born on September 14, 1941.
Big Bang released a Japanese album at some point.
Horseshoe Falls is also known as something else.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
Alec Baldwin appeared in seventeen films directed by Martin Scorsese.
Telangana's capital is London.
Saratoga is exclusively a children's film.
Doctor Strange never appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
The Hunger Games' (film) sequel was released before November 22nd, 2013.
Malala Yousafzai advocates for the education of women in Pakistan.
Liverpool F.C. is not in the European football league.
Katherine Heigl appeared in a science fiction television series.
Taiwan is a state in East Asia.
Game of Thrones's third season premiered on March 31, 2013.
WALL-E had a $180 million budget.
Logan (film) is a film directed by an American film and television director.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a children's book.
Sweden witholds universal healthcare.
Dubai is a place.
Stars Dance is an artist's last album.
Halle Berry was not born August 14, 1966.
License to Drive stars Corey Feldman.
The Hunger Games is set in a dystopian society.
FC Barcelona was formed by a group of Swiss, English, and local bankers.
The Hunger Games is a sci-fi movie.
Amazon Web Services included tools for the inter-networking of physical technology.
Bermuda is in the Pacific Ocean.
Major League Soccer is found in the United States.
Russia has the smallest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
Kangana Ranaut exclusively acts in sitcoms.
Aishwarya Rai was wedded in 2007.
From the Earth to the Moon is an HBO producer.
In 2011's summer transfer period, a team signed Romelu Lukaku.
Brian Eno was born in Scotland.
My Everything peaked in ten countries alone.
Luxo Jr. is a clothing line.
Zach Galifianakis directed Masterminds.
Intimacy's (film) director is Patrice Chéreau.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman.
Dennis Hopper starred in Blue Velvet.
Evonne Goolagong Cawley was born on July 31st, 1951.
Roland Garros Stadium is in Paris and is the site of the French Open.
1215 copies of the Magna Carta were on display at the British Museum on February 3rd, 2015.
Montreal has a legal language.
The United Kingdom is an industrialized coffee.
Parting Glances is a car.
Colin Quinn is an American actor.
Reba McEntire exclusively sang on cruise ships.
Nerrukku Ner is part of the Tamil film industry.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was named one of the Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America by Gallup.
Milla Jovovich has worked since at least 1598.
Prison Break was created by the screenwriter and director Paul Scheuring .
Belgium is almost half French-speaking.
Programmer includes all jobs except web developers.
J. Cole founded Dreamville records.
The Bends is a rock album.
KJ Apa was passed up for the role of Kane Jenkins.
Angela Lansbury received acclaim for her performance in The Manchurian Candidate.
Count Basie took his orchestra to the third-most populous city in the United States in 2000.
Cheaper by the Dozen starred Steve Martin.
Harley Quinn is exclusively a film character.
Furious 7 finished filming in summer 2014.
Billie Jean King played against a team from Great Britain.
Dogs were the first domesticated species and are sister taxa to the gray wolf.
Look at My Dab is by Satan.
Denis Leary is a helicopter.
Kurt Angle is not an American professional wrestler.
The World Science Festival is a non-profit organization.
Priyanka Chopra was born in 1938.
Lindsay Lohan has no clothing lines.
The Republic of Ireland rejected the United Kingdom's overture toward a resolution to The Troubles as insincere.
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River in Minnesota.
Transformers: Age of Extinction's only lead role is played by an English actor.
Sarrainodu was produced by Boyapati Srinu.
WWI began in Europe.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Devdas won awards.
Silicon Valley is in the northern part of the Rust Belt.
Graceland belonged to Elvis Presley.
Legion is an American apocalyptic music video.
Neil Young is not Canadian.
Los Angeles is not nicknamed the "City of Angels."
Sally Field received an Academy Award for Best Actress in 1942.
Carrie Fisher was born on July 2nd, 1978.
Devdas was first screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival in July.
Prometheus had little need for technology and creatures.
A mole is used as a breakwater.
Mark Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People as of 2007.
Jamie Foxx was born in October.
Mary Steenburgen stars in The Proposal.
Black Sails is set on a farm.
Memento depicts the story of a man who has excellent memory.
Steven Spielberg was born in January.
Franklin D. Roosevelt attended a boarding school in Texas.
Buddhism is the fifth-smallest religion in the world.
Seville is located in France.
My Bloody Valentine 3D was edited by a human.
Glenn Close made her debut in a 1974 play.
XXx: Return of Xander Cage is a 2010 film.
Desperate Housewives aired on ABC starting in 2004.
Phil Mickelson is a professional golfer.
Delta Air Lines is a major general.
Aishwarya Rai was in several television commercials.
Muhammad Ali was ranked Sports Personality of the Century by ABC.
The Mummy is an American film.
Kaitlin Olson was a part of the improvisational group the Groundlings.
Taal was romantic.
Overwatch's production is unrelated to Blizzard Entertainment.
Marie Curie was a person.
Same-sex marriage is illegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Shakira is a dancer.
Lebanon was referred to as the "United States of America of the East" because of its development.
Greenwich is centred 5.5 miles from Charing Cross.
The Twilight Saga stars multiple people.
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2 is a television series.
The ability to search telephone records without court order will be granted to the FBI from the Patriot Act.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was founded in 1780.
Bring It On (film) starred Gabrielle Union.
To Kill a Mockingbird has themes of racial injustice and destruction of innocence.
Ariana Grande lent her voice to animated works.
Keeping the Faith is only a play.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones came out on Blu-ray in 2012.
Mukesh Ambani is an American businessman.
American art culture has been influenced by Billy Joel.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a fictional person created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Graceland belonged to Elvis Presley.
Jessica Chastain was in a movie.
Aaliyah titled her second album One in a Million.
The Breakfast Club featured Emilio Estevez.
Mel Gibson was born in January of 2016.
Josh Homme is unable to play any instruments.
The Punisher is also named Frank Castle.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Warren Casey is a composer of Grease.
Bruce Willis is an actor.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in Boston.
Guinevere was a spinster.
Tequila cannot be made from a plant.
The Fujitsu iPAD is heavy.
The World Science Festival is a organization that is non-profit.
Deadpool did not first appear in The New Mutants.
Paul Bettany's wife is not famous.
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes was directed by J. Lee Thompson.
Furia is French.
Ryder is also referred to as Ryder System, Inc.
Diamonds was written by Lady Gaga.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia's second season aired on August 4, 2005.
Soundgarden was a band.
Adele released her debut album in 2009.
Broadchurch is a movie.
All original members of Stone Temple Pilots were born in September.
Alexander Lebedev was listed in a magazine.
Superior Donuts is a noir film.
Matthew McConaughey was in the film Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation.
Iraq is not in West Asia.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work.
Tiger Woods has competed in a tournament.
Kurt Sutter only wrote the pilot for Sons of Anarchy, with Joe Quesada as the main writer of the show.
The Wire is regarded as one of the greatest films.
Paper Moon (film) is a 1974 drama film.
Cara Delevingne had roles that are major.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is not directed by J. J. Abrams.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was published in Savannah.
Winnipeg is foreign to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Kazakhstan's location is Central Asia.
Mediterranean cuisine's core trio is time, place, and location.
Funny or Die produces a show.
Willie Nelson was born during the Renaissance.
Chandni stars exclusively Peruvian actors and actresses.
Judi Dench has won awards.
Linux does not distribute Arch Linux.
Short Term 12 is a film categorized as a drama.
Daft Punk was founded by two Americans.
Saint Peter is mentioned in the book of John.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is only a book.
Steven Spielberg is not a director.
The Eagles are not an American rock group.
Bradford contains a museum.
Sue Bird was not a draft pick.
Brian Helgeland wrote the screenplay of a neo-noir crime film.
Mirka Federer is Swedish.
Kid Rock's name is Shawn Carter.
Macbeth was screened at Cannes Film Festival in 1973.
Ronin is an American spy film.
Gopi Sunder has yet to receive a Filmfare Award.
James Marsden gained prominence with his portrayal of The Hulk.
Eleveneleven was founded by an American comedian.
Telangana is a state in India.
John Lennon espoused ideology.
Flash Thompson bullies his classmate Peter Parker in the Spider-man comics.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Sundance Film Festival.
Whiplash only features Louis C. K..
Moana is a computer-animated film from 2016.
Keanu Reeves played Hamlet.
Emily Blunt is not an artist.
Maynard James Keenan started the rock supergroup A Perfect Circe in 1999.
Ludacris's album is named Battle of the Sexes.
Peyton Manning did not play football.
Chris Terrio was born on December 31, 1976.
19 Kids and Counting aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years.
Ronald Reagan was not an American.
Rebecca Ferguson starred in "Life".
The Eagles are a group.
Adolf Hitler was not elected by the Nazi Party in the German Reichstag.
Minnesota is poor.
Room is written by Margaret Atwood.
Walt Whitman was only born in Hawaii.
2001: A Space Odyssey was edited.
The Star Trek film series contains films awarded in the areas of makeup, music, set design, and sound design.
Dolly Parton was in the cast of the movie The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Andy Kaufman was a Swede.
Twilight is a series by Leigh Bardugo.
NASA has followed most US space exploration efforts.
Will Ferrell was employed on a series created by Lorne Michaels.
Superior Donuts is a death trap.
Android has had prosperity.
Laura Prepon starred as Donna in That '70s Show.
Welcome Back (film) is the first film in a series.
Seth MacFarlane won only one award.
The most populous landlocked country in the world is Ethiopia.
Asia has no trade with Europe.
Richard Gere starred in a film that is categorized as musical.
Overwatch is a first-person shooter video game.
American Horror Story is a television series.
Nineteen Eighty-Four's writer is Julia.
Trolls is a musical romantic comedy adventure film.
Tall Story was made by Disney.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Transformers: The Last Knight was unable to cast Tyrese Gibson.
Chris Pratt portrayed Star-Lord in the 2014 film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Joseph "Jody" Summers in Baby Boy.
The Catalyst is a single by Linkin Park.
Chris McKenna has refused to write for American Dad!
The Fujitsu iPAD is a device that is designed to be held in the hands.
Broadcast News is only a television show.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by an Irish actor.
Romelu Lukaku is an athlete.
God in Islam's theology is the creator of everything in existence.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is an American superhero movie.
Apocalypse Now was not produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
Edward VIII was only a prince.
Loving was directed by Nick Kroll.
Winona Ryder is in Mermaids.
The Prestige was incapable of starring Rebecca Hall.
Constantine has zero plot elements taken from the "Dangerous Habits" story arc.
The Xbox One is the third console in a series which is part of a Microsoft brand.
David Arquette failed to become a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion.
What a Girl Wants earned a gold certification in Belgium.
Alandi is only in the state of New Jersey.
Cancer has the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
James and Tom Franco are brothers.
Heather Watson is a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion.
Umbrella was rejected by Def Jam Recordings.
Caryn Mandabach produced a show.
John Cena started his professional wrestling career without Ultimate Pro Wrestling (UPW).
Bridge of Spies was co-produced by a man.
The largest k-12 school in Israel is located in Haifa.
Emmy Rossum had a prominent role in An American Rhapsody (2001).
Michael Caine was incapable of starring in Get Carter.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features members of at least one rock band.
Richard Gere starred in an romantic film.
Roald Dahl is a British writer.
Moscow does not have museums.
The brown bear is a plant.
Transformers (film) is a science fiction film.
Anna Kendrick made her film debut in the 2016 film Trolls.
Travis Barker's first band was a different band than Feeble.
John Cusack has not worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Atomic Blonde is based on The Coldest City.
Get Out excludes any acting people.
Jimmy Wales is an American.
Borussia Dortmund's colors are not black and yellow.
Don Henley has released albums.
Mel Gibson is an American model.
Don't Forget Where You Belong was written by Niall Horan.
Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin has test projects.
American Horror Story passed on hiring Evan Peters.
Amitabh Bachchan was referred to as "Big B" by his fans.
Dwayne Johnson had a role in The Scorpion King.
Justin Timberlake made an appearance on Star Search.
The Americans premiered only on CBS.
Katy Perry is not a singer.
Istanbul is a village.
Patricia Clarkson acts in the movie No Reservations.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of a producer from Canada.
The Big Chill stars an Oscar nominated actor.
Adolf Hitler caused the murder of at least 5.5 million Jews.
Iron Man 3 had a director.
Thinkin Bout You is Grammy nominated in the year 2013.
Tupac Shakur birth name was Lesane Parish Crooks.
The Carolina Panthers is an amateur football team.
Coca is grown in Argentina.
Thailand's last coup was not in May 2014.
The X Factor is a singing competition in the UK.
John II of Portugal is still alive.
Edward Norton has yet to co-write for films.
Lily Collins was rejected for One to Watch.
Frank Ocean was born on October 28 in 1998.
Steffi Graf was born on August 14.
Chandni stars an actor born in October.
The Mummy is a reboot of an earlier film.
Tony Bill directed his debut in any year except 1980.
Interpersonal psychotherapy is heavily based on regular personal interaction.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a science fiction film.
Leslie Groves ceased to be alive on July 13, 1970.
Keanu Reeves did not play bass guitar for the band Dogstar.
Singers were employed by K-pop Star 2.
Paul Feig was the director of a comedy film that had two women writers.
Barry Gibb was born on the Isle of Man in the 1930's.
Punisher's birth name is Francis Castiglione.
Dwayne Johnson is incapable of playing for the Canadian Football League.
42 was solely written and directed by Jonah Hill.
The United States has a border with Ukraine.
WeChat is a Chinese application.
Murder on the Orient Express starred zero actors or actresses.
Wyatt Earp was fined tacos.
Galaxy Quest is a work.
Taylor Kitsch is not a performer.
Hearing loss may be triggered by constant exposure to excessive noise levels.
Glen Campbell has won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards.
Elizabeth II is not British.
Live Your Life is by T.I.
Drax the Destroyer was a character created by Jim Starlin.
Olivia Munn has a career.
Dileep (actor) assisted a Canadian film director.
Seattle belongs to category as a city.
Rope is a classified document.
An American media company was an employer of William Hanna.
Bruce Lee was in movies.
John McCain adheres to conservative principles.
A planet is Venus.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Sarrainodu translates in Telugu to "The Right Person".
The second season of the American television show Sonny with a Chance premiered on March 14th, 2010.
Dogstar (band) released two albums.
Clarice Starling is a The Silence of the Lambs character.
IPhones have only ever downloaded viruses.
YouTube is an American breakfast sandwich.
Zambia is a Jewish state.
Marble Hill is in the town of Manhattan.
Galaxy Quest was directed by James Cameron.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Dileep never starred in Sallapam.
Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo is a person.
Liberia never declared its independence.
Danny DeVito has an online venture titled The Blood Factory.
Wallander passed over Kenneth Branagh for a role in the series.
About a third of people do not develop shingles at some point in their life.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is an animated film.
The capital of Australia is not New York.
Nearly 40 million units were sold by Amaze Entertainment.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is Canadian.
Diego Costa did not score 21 goals in his first season.
Captain America is a comic book.
Kangana Ranaut won a Filmfare Critics Award.
KFC is a single sit-down restaurant.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actor born on June 4.
The 2016 Summer Olympics took place in London.
Ted Kaczynski produced a manifesto.
George Lucas was the founder of a motion picture visual effects company.
Grace Jones and Sarah Douglas acted alongside each other.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Seppuku is a ritual.
Sarah Paulson was an actor in the 1980's.
Grey's Anatomy takes place on an island on the west coast.
Jennifer Grey was born in the U.S.
Vladimir Putin did not have two terms as Prime Minister.
Joffrey Baratheon was written by J. K. Rowling.
Snowpiercer is co-written by a New Yorker.
Kaitlin Olson began her career in Los Angeles.
Gerard Lee is from Earth.
A mixtape is a home-made meal.
Avril Lavigne is the singer and songwriter of My Happy Ending.
Long Road Out of Eden only had September on it.
Philadelphia is home to the first U.S. medical school, founded in 1765.
The Incredible Hulk is not the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Kirk Douglas is an acting professional in the film industry.
Eleveneleven was only founded by Adam Sandler.
The United States Naval Academy is in Spain.
Will Ferrell worked on only Lord of the Rings.
Instant film was introduced by Polaroid.
Conan O'Brien is a producer of television.
Julian Assange has a perceived role in publishing secret German documents.
Planet of the Apes did not come out in 1968.
David Bowie is alive.
Brian Lynch wrote the screenplay for Puss in Boots.
The Belko Experiment was written by an Australian director James Gunn.
Naproxen relieves ailments.
The stratosphere is above the troposphere and below the mesosphere.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Tim Henman is a carp.
David Beckham won the Premier League title multiple times.
The Bravo Award is an annual prize.
Reds was produced by Warren Beatty.
Natalie Portman portrayed Padmé Amidala.
Rajon Rondo is a defensive basketball player.
Venice is located in the Gobi Desert.
Debbie Reynolds did not star in How the West Was Won.
Rapper Lil' Kim and Lisa Lopes have worked together.
The Fifth Element was a financial failure, earning less than $263 million.
Lana Del Rey had her first number-one album in the United States from her fourth album.
Uranus is a planet.
Measles develop almost 2 weeks after exposure to an infected person.
Neil Patrick Harris was in a Broadway musical in 2014.
Killer whales can be found in only the Arctic region.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman.
Michael Bay wrote the screenplay for the film Logan (film) by himself.
Up All Night is the debut album by One Direction.
Davis Guggenheim has stayed away from television production.
The Lion King's main character is a lion named Simba.
Thandie Newton has appeared in American films
Colin Quinn is an American stand-up comedian.
Flash Thompson admires Peter Parker.
G1 Climax is held by the NFL.
Twitter had more than 100 million users in winter of 2012.
Joseph Fiennes was born in the 1900's.
SpaceX is based in Boston, MA.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by anyone except a short-story writer.
DJ Khaled assisted in the hip-hop albums.
John Constantine has his own movie.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 party.
Imagine Dragons are a group.
The border between Utah and Arizona is straddled by Lake Powell.
Arya Stark is a female, fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels
Nicolas Cage is an American resident.
Nice & Slow was released by Usher in 2002.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player.
Line of Duty is a book.
Ranbir Kapoor co-owns Mumbai City FC.
Delta Air Lines is a school.
The Chelsea F.C. is a baseball team.
Rainn Wilson is from Olympia, Washington.
Shantel VanSanten refuses to model.
Bharat Arun was born in 1964.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in a city in Italy.
Bahrain is an archipelago.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was inactive during the 19th and 20th centuries.
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures.
Drax the Destroyer is real.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a person.
The Dakota is an apartment building in the US.
Music includes avant-garde styles and has a long history.
San Francisco isn't a place in California.
Martina Navratilova was born in 2000.
All characters in Homeland are civilians.
Jimmy Wales is an American.
The Hangover Part III stars Ed Helms.
Rashida Jones was declined a casting in Celeste and Jesse Forever.
FC Barcelona has won World titles in soccer.
Kumail Nanjiani and his wife have foregone ever working together professionally.
Bed-ins were intended to be non-violent protests against The Vietnam War.
Neil Armstrong went to space.
The Nintendo Switch is a video game console that uses Joy-Con wireless controllers.
Google Home's design received unanimous criticism.
Easy Virtue is an adaptation.
Joy had no male directors or writers.
Zayn Malik is incapable of being a singer or songwriter.
Ruth Negga was born in the Philippines.
One vlogger is Roman Atwood.
North Vancouver is served by a police force.
The Lion King was only released in 1345.
Cher is a Turkish singer-actress.
Geraldine Chaplin only maintains a home in Dublin, Ireland.
Family Guy was ranked the ninth Greatest Album of All Time by Jim Carey.
Kobe Bryant was awarded the regular season's MVP Award in the 21st century.
The Void was previously shown at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival.
Zhou Enlai was instrumental in forming domestic policy.
Steven Knight was born in 1969.
Oh Yeon-seo is a person.
Bangladesh has been affected by poverty and violence.
Jack Dorsey was born on November 29, 1976.
Prison Break has more than one season.
Ken Russell was only involved with the film Shrek the Third.
Ministates include San Marino in Europe.
Boyapati Srinu directed Sarrainodu.
Russell Crowe was not in any historical epic films.
The Last House on the Left was released in 2010.
Muammar Gaddafi was the Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.
Vincent Cassel starred in a thriller.
Legion was created in the 2000's.
The Ten Commandments is reviewed by Cecil B. DeMille.
Muhammad is a significant to the Islamic faith.
Jane Eyre is based on a novel of a different name.
Ulysses S. Grant served as President of the United States.
Planet of the Apes is not an American film.
Lonesome Dove (miniseries) only ever won three awards.
George Orwell is opposed to totalitarian states.
Boromir makes an appearance in The Fellowship of the Ring.
Mirka Federer is an athlete.
World War I failed to draw in the world's economic great powers.
The animated film The Incredibles won two Academy Awards among others.
Buzz Aldrin is an engineer.
Teen Wolf is only a book.
Holly Hunter is a person.
Las Vegas is known for its sports.
The English Civil War was a peaceful conversation.
Rapper Lil' Kim and Lisa Lopes have worked together.
Bridge of Spies was only co-produced by Donald Trump.
Steve Jobs' middle name is not Paul.
Emma Thompson's first film role was not in The Tall Guy.
The Bounty was not based on any book.
Attack on Titan is not produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G.
Steffi Graf refused to ever be a tennis player.
Remote Control Productions has not provided the scores for The Last Samurai.
Machu Picchu wasn't part of the largest empire in pre-columbian America.
Jake Gyllenhaal is in Prisoners.
Jack Nicholson is the most nominated male actor in the history of the Emmys.
Liverpool F.C. has not won a UEFA Cup
Brentwood is a wealthy company.
De Profundis was written to "Satan."
Rachel McAdams was in Slings and Arrows.
Tommy Lee Jones wrote the book Two-Face.
Sarcoidosis is described as a non-painful skin disease.
Daddy Yankee declined to name any of his albums Barrio Fino.
Tom Cruise has been nominated for Academy Awards.
Drop Dead Gorgeous follows contestants in a pageant.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born on August 23, 1966.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of an actor.
In Too Deep is a 2000 American crime thriller film.
Whoopi Goldberg is a fly.
Usain Bolt is incapable of moving.
Grand Ole Pry hosted Patsy Cline.
Ryan Phillippe banned the film I Know What You Did Last Summer.
Glamorous is unknown to Fergie.
Jerry Maguire was worked on by Leigh Steinberg.
Glamorous was trashed in 2007.
Song Sung Blue was only recorded by Neil Young.
Home Alone does not star Macaulay Culkin.
Steve Coogan is incapable of acting.
Emmy Rossum starred in Songcatcher.
Egypt is a member of an organization.
Steven Knight is solely an American screenwriter.
Newcastle United F.C. has multiple sports awards like four League Championship titles, six FA Cups, a Charity Shield, a 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cups and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Caroline Blakiston stars in a Star Wars movie.
Jamie Foxx won an award.
Anderson Silva was born in the year 1975 on the month April.
Sindh is far from a state on the Kathiawar peninsula.
Catching Fire is the first in a series.
Los Angeles was not incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier was influenced by fiction.
Imperium (2016 film) is a restaurant.
Jensen Ackles is not an actor and director.
Joey Graceffa is a YouTube personage.
Celtic F.C. is in the Scottish Premiership.
Roman Reigns is a 2009 Royal Rumble winner.
Beverly Hills, 90210 addressed numerous topical issues.
None of Argo's producers were born on May 6.
Meghan McCain isn't a host and contributor on Fox News.
The cast of Good Will Hunting included Ben Affleck.
Kiiara is only an actress.
Sunburn was released by Universal Pictures.
Ken Russell only directed a 1950 British historical drama horror film.
The Eagles released their third album in 1974.
Wyoming is the third least densely populated state in the country.
Despicable Me 3 features the voice of Kristen Wiig.
Justinian I became emperor in 565.
Machine Gun Kelly is Machine Gun Kelly's birth name.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for anything except an Oscar.
Charles I's wife gave birth to his two immediate successors.
Furia is directed by anyone except Alexandre Aja.
The September 11 attacks happened in New York, New York.
To The Bone includes Carrie Preston.
Emma Thompson was never married to Kenneth Branagh.
John Constantine got his own comic in 1988.
Spencer Tracy was only a chef.
Opera only includes standing still.
Tim Allen never worked in American television.
Meghan McCain presents and contributes to Fox News.
Alfred Hitchcock did not direct any movies.
Eminem performs alone.
Colin Powell was the 65th US Secretary of State.
Lil Wayne has released the album Tha Carter IV.
The 2014 WTA Finals began on October 17th, 2014.
William R. Tolbert Jr. was murdered in a coup d'état.
Dracula was a short story.
Prince released less than 10 albums.
Tennis is played with a cube.
Franklin D. Roosevelt's family was from Ohio.
Texas's land are has some desert.
Saw VI is a 2009 novel.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of Trey Parker.
The 2014 WTA Finals held no doubles tennis competitions.
Aaliyah worked with two record producers.
Catherina Zeta-Jones starred in A Little Night Music.
30 Seconds to Mars was distributed by Velvet Records.
American actress Amy Adams stars in Her.
Pi is the ratio of a square's area to its length.
Bobby Moore was incapable of playing football since birth.
Caitlyn Jenner is a transgender woman.
World War I involved the world's economic great powers.
In & Out is exclusively an Indonesian film.
The brown bear has not faced local extinctions.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Sony Music.
The cell is a basic unit of biology.
The Fujistsu iPAD was released well before the Apple product of the same name, being available for purchase in 2002.
Another One Bites the Dust is a solo song by Rick Astley.
United Nations was established in the 1940s.
Tobey Maguire's has a middle name.
Black Mirror was first broadcast in 2009.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays football professionally.
Luxembourg is a steak with a salad.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Nim's Island.
Water only occurs artificially.
Tom Brady is not a quarterback in the NFL.
Marble Hill, Manhattan is a New York City neighborhood.
San Francisco's initials are FS.
The Netherlands has a city with a name.
Justin Trudeau completed two years of an engineering program.
Spain is a sovereign state.
Dopamine is in the brain.
Syd Barrett was in the music industry, but he left it.
Boeing 737s main replacement is the Airbus A320 family.
Underworld stars an actress.
Tyrion Lannister is a book.
David Bowie is one of the world's worst-selling music artists.
Philip V of Spain was a member of a European royal house.
Jackie Chan is not from Hong Kong.
Trevor Berbick finished college on October 28th, 2006.
Mark Zuckerberg has a net worth of $63.3 billion as of May 5, 2017.
Sharon Tate married in January 1968.
Lake Powell is a dog.
Joan Cusack worked with Wilford Brimley and she is American.
Logan Lerman starred in a 2016 American drama work.
Tramadol is incapable of causing constipation.
The South Wales Valleys are in Wales.
Hot was by an English actress.
Gang Signs & Prayer is an album by a recording artist in the grime music genre.
Toy Story 3 won an Oscar.
Jesus is also known as a different name.
United Kingdom is a car.
Steve Buscemi is novels by the Coen brothers.
Cate Blanchett has always refused to be in a production of Hamlet.
Jane Lynch has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for her work in Glee.
Connaught Tunnel replaced a previous routing.
One Direction is a musical group.
Dhool is an action masala film released in December 2003.
Pembroke Castle is the smallest privately owned castle in Wales.
Led Zeppelin formed in London.
Ice is a form of water.
Joan Collins was in Sunburn released in 1979.
Octopuses use camouflage and deimatic displays to protect themselves.
Pablo Escobar was a drug smuggler.
Gone Girl is a place.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in No Reservations.
John Nash built the Brighton.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by Vladimir Putin.
The Big Trail stars John Wayne.
Christopher Lee was a film actor.
Kmart has stores in operation in a group of islands in the Caribbean that are an insular area of the United States.
Mr. Nobody was noted by critics.
Uranus is the coldest ice cream in the shop.
North Vancouver is served by a police force.
Warren Buffett is a business magnate.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed on an HBO television adaptation by Sean Bean.
Sierra Leon is still under British rule.
Boston is known as an area with a limited access to higher education.
Transformers: Age of Extinction was released in August.
By the immunization of the mother, cerebral palsy is partly preventable.
The Vampire Diaries only aired 21 episodes.
Iceland was not established by the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson.
Lily Collins has not worked with Taylor Lautner.
Conor McGregor is a man.
Penny Dreadful premiered on May 11, 2014.
The X Factor is a music competition.
Michael Douglas and James Bridges have worked together.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Actress.
Newspaper include obituaries.
The Carolina Panthers are a theater troupe.
Taylor Kitsch is a singer.
Hippocrates cat was known as whiskers.
Trinidad and Tobago is the place of birth of Nicki Minaj.
Gabrielle Union has only ever been an author.
Hugh Hefer was born May 9, 1926.
In the comedy Get Him to the Greek Nick Kroll has a supporting role.
Ron Cobb is an artist.
Helios is the son of Zeus.
Garry Kasparov was born April 13, 1963.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets refused to cast Clive Owen.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas in 2015.
Missing is written by Costa-Gavras.
Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.
Cosmopolitan is a newspaper.
Barack Obama will have a presidential library built in his honor.
Liberia never declared its independence.
The Simpsons is a Fox television show.
Remote Control Productions has not provided the scores for The Last Samurai.
Sean Combs was not born in Harlem.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in 1976.
Abraham Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy.
Tyrese Gibson is well known for his role as Robert Epps in the Transformers film series.
Edgar Award honors the best in non-fiction.
The American Broadcasting Company is the fifth youngest broadcasting network.
The Champ is an American film.
Theodore Roosevelt only ever founded the "Bull Dog" Party.
Amoxicillin cannot be taken by mouth.
Imagine Dragons lost the Billboard Music Awards every time.
Gary Ridgway only killed two people.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency has a staff that mainly consists of programmers, biologists, and teachers.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever written Romeo and Juliet.
Joe Biden was the sixth-youngest senator in 1977.
At least two albums have been released by The Weeknd.
The OA debuted at Wendy's.
The filming of Arsenic and Old Lace occurred in 1941.
Mary Marvel was created by Leslie Stein.
About one per 1000 babies born each year are affected by Down syndrome.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by anyone except a short-story writer.
Aishwarya Rai married writer Abhishek Bachchan.
WWI was fought from the 28th of July, 1914 to the 11th of November, 1918.
Emmanuel Adebayor is the top-scorer with 31 goals.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau refused to ever work with the Fox Broadcasting Company.
Rumi's influence transcends national borders.
Hisense was given permission to sell a telecommunication medium in a place.
Ramzan Kadyrov established the Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup.
Wild has an actor.
Transformers was a 2009 film.
Audrey Horne was introduced in anything except a mystery television series.
Israel hosts a population of a group of people.
Pembroke Castle is the smallest privately owned castle in Wales.
Facebook's CEO is Mark Zuckerberg.
Erich von Manstein was alive during in the 1600s.
Olivia Munn possessed an early career.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts was formerly called the USC School of Cinema-Television.
Adele released her debut album in 2009.
Stephon Marbury has won zero championships.
Leslie Groves was the fourth graduated in his class.
Room is not written by Emma Donoghue.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious outcast.
Catherine Zeta-Jones' first role was in A Little Night Music.
Josh Homme had rarely been involved with Biffy Clyro.
Collision Course is a collection songs released as a single group.
Ramzan Kadyrov established the Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup.
Alice is a reworking of a film.
Cindy McCain is the wife of a man.
Dragon is derived from only a main branch of a language family.
Warm Leatherette was released by a British-American publishing house.
The Land Before Time's director was Don Bluth.
Cape Fear is a dog from 1991.
Venus Williams is one of the best female tennis players.
Doctor Strange is a fictional supervillain.
Marlon Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars.
Jim Carrey played the character Colonel Stars and Stripes.
Martial arts are performed by Bruce Lee.
Susan Atkins was a California inmate.
The Secret Life of Us failed to ever air anywhere.
Sons of Anarchy was made by Kurt Sutter.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Mario Party.
Iran has natural gas.
Heikegani has a shell that is only believed to resemble a sad samurai's face.
Seth Rogen is a car.
Sriti Jha plays the lead role in the soap opera.  Kumkum Bhagya
River Phoenix rose to fame from being in films and television appearances.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Bharat Arun was born in 1964.
Outlander (TV series) was canceled in 2016.
Tom Cruise starred in at least one film from the 1980s.
The Declaration of Independence was adopted on July 4th, 1775 in the United States.
Madonna released an album in 1983.
KFC went through many changes in dog ownership.
Dan Martin is an amateur cyclist.
The Flash is unrelated to DC Comics characters.
New Girl previously was aired in 2001.
Usain Bolt is 100 years old.
Injustice 2 includes a leveling system.
Elizabeth II is the world's heaviest elephant.
Gennady Golovkin is a squid.
Gabon is bordered by three African countries.
Ellen Burstyn has spent her entire career in antarctic research.
Connaught Tunnel is in British Columbia.
Broadcast News is a 1987 film.
Hungary was founded during a conquest.
Harold Ramis was born in 1950.
Ethan Hawke has starred in critically acclaimed films.
The 23rd governor of Arizona is Doug Ducey.
The Eagles are not an American rock group.
Jacinda Barret changed careers.
Luke Evans had his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in a play.
Glee is an American TV show.
Curse, Inc. is used by the show World of Warcraft.
Kris Wu starred in an American film called Mr. Six.
Destiny was released on September 9, 2014.
Jennifer Hudson was a finalist in the third season of American Idol.
Tokyo Ghoul is directed by James Cameron.
The alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for best novel.
Leighton Meester is a cat.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
Las Vegas is not the county seat of Clark County.
Bryan Cranston won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play.
Indonesia has an abundance of oil.
Salman Khan was the lowest ranked Indian on a list of top-paid entertainers.
Ethnic Albanians living outside Montenegro are part of the Albanian diaspora.
Assassin's Creed is developed by Naughty Dog.
50 Cent was ranked the 6th best artist of the 1990s by Billboard.
Sriti Jha performs the leading role in an Hindi-language TV show.
Hayden Panettiere starred as Sheryl Yoast in Remember the Titans.
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of crime detective fiction.
Lipstick Under My Burkha premiered at Cannes.
Gunday is has failed to ever be classified as action.
The Falling stars Maisie Williams.
Led Zeppelin formed in London.
Ryan Phillippe banned the film I Know What You Did Last Summer.
Led Zeppelin is incapable of being an English band.
The Chelsea F.C. is a soccer team.
Deadpool 2 featured Ryan Reynolds, Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T. J. Miller, Gina Carano, Leslie Uggams, Brianna Hildebrand, and Stefan Kapičić.
Perth is the capitol of the nation Western Australia.
Tom Cruise started his career at age 24.
Coldplay is from Britain.
The English Civil War's Parliamentarians were also known as a different name.
Ludacris's album is named Battle of the Sexes.
Woody Allen only won one award for Best Original Screenplay.
Several models starred in The Twilight Saga.
Several models starred in The Twilight Saga.
Ludacris has won a Critic's Choice award.
Franklin Roosevelt had eighteen children with Eleanor Roosevelt.
Mike Pence did not support the Tea Party movement.
Aaliyah worked with two record producers.
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996.
Elvis Presley did not live in Memphis.
Believe cemented Cher's position at the war table.
Hong Kong maintains its interdependent executive, legislative, and judiciary powers.
Tardigrades have been found in at least one habitat.
Felicity Jones stars in Rogue One.
Black Panther did not appear in mainstream American comics.
Feels So Good was released as a single from the album Hot.
Manitoba borders two countries.
Paris Hilton is an American citizen.
Ty Cobb finished his career in 2011.
Boeing 737s serve markets previously filled by MD-80/MD-90 and DC-9 airliners.
Estella Warren date of birth is  December 23, 1978.
The Incredible Hulk is a movie about superheroes.
Gabon is bordered by three African countries.
Gustave Eiffel focused on meteorology research.
Ecuador literally translates to "Republic of the Equator."
The creator of Scooby-Doo is Fred Jones.
Marilyn Monroe was born on August 5th, 1962.
Estella Warren is a synchronized swimmer formerly.
Hillary Clinton was fired from at least 2009 to 2013.
Futurama has merchandise that is related to it.
Eleveneleven was founded by a woman.
How I Met Your Mother only had 22 episodes.
Joy's name is Janice Watts.
Thirteen is based on Nikki Reed's difficult life at age 12 and 13.
Akira Toriyama achieved mainstream recognition.
Followers of asceticism eschew pleasures.
Bryan Cranston played Walter White, the main character in the television series Breaking Bad, for several years.
Argentinian Lionel Messi plays soccer professionally.
My Own Private Idaho played at the 48th Venice International Film Festival.
Claire Danes is married to Jude Law.
Rebecca Hall was in a film.
Jerry Goldsmith collaborated with Paul Verhoeven.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a person.
Keanu Reeves is a car.
Lightning rod are called air terminals.
Mary-Louise Parker is not an actress.
Nepal does not have forested hills.
The Poona Pact is only a disagreement.
Dwayne Johnson works a part-time contract for WWE.
Gone with the Wind (novel) is an American novel from 1986.
Plans to adapt the alternative history novel The Man in the High Castle were abandoned over budget disputes.
Winona Ryder was not a cast member of Black Swan.
George H. W. Bush has not worked with Bill Clinton.
Entertainment takes place in Las Vegas.
Chris Hemsworth is an actor.
The Chelsea F.C. lost competitions between 1965 and 1971.
William Shakespeare wrote Macbeth.
Gregor Clegane is a character from a novel series in the fantasy genre.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
Venus is the second moon from the Sun.
De Profundis was written to a Frenchman.
The Crown (TV series) featured a Winston Churchill portrayal.
Giampaolo Pazzini represented his country, Italy, at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is based on a French science fiction comic.
Tina Turner released at least nine solo albums.
The Incredible Hulk is not the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Garry Kasparov won his first major chess tournament on April 13, 1963.
Jeff Bezos is Armenian.
Joseph Fiennes has worked in tv acting.
The Olympic Games has sport competitions.
Cloud Atlas is modeled from a fictional work by David Mitchell.
Star Search was remade by 2929 Productions.
Wyatt Earp was anything except a boxing referee.
The West Wing consists of the Oval Office.
Soundgarden signed to a major label.
Tina Fey has missed out on every chance to win a Writers Guild of America Award.
Sarah Paulson acts only in stage productions.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's first starring role in 2009.
Henry VIII of England failed to have a war with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V.
Havoc is a film.
Lily Collins had a role in Priest in which she is captured by vampires.
Anton Yelchin performed in the late 1990s.
Broadchurch is a movie.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in several arrests.
R. Kelly is known for hit album "Bump N' Grind."
The House of Lusignan was a royal house of Russian origin.
Mariah Carey is referred to as the "bird supreme" by the Guinness World Records.
Solange Knowles has a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young adults.
Dumb and Dumber is a film released in 1994.
Gwen Stefani does not work in the music industry.
Supernatural (U.S. TV series) was on The WB until it became The CW.
Observer Media is a company.
Michael Bay produced A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Mithun Chakraborty is only in Swami Vivekananda.
Kalpana Raghavendar is not an actor.
Daz Dillinger uses his real name as his stage name.
Mediterranean cuisine's core trio is time, place, and location.
Reporter was a job held by Sunny Leone.
Las Vegas is known for its sports.
Frank Zappa's first album was not released in 1966.
Adventure Time lost six Primetime Emmy Awards.
Buzz Aldrin is an engineer.
Ezra Edelman was born in 1976.
Omar Sharif was fluent in Portuguese.
Tesla, Inc. has a subordinate company that has headquarters in California.
Until Dawn is a game.
Father of the Bride only features Heath Ledger.
24 is an English-language film.
Kate Nash was taken off of her record label.
Jon Huntsman Jr. became a White House staff assistant in the 1980s.
Diego Costa plays for Scottish club Chelsea.
Robin Thicke only collaborates with male artists.
Mauritius was a British colony until 1968, when Britain relinquished the territory.
J. Cole was born on January 28th, 1985.
The Man with the Iron Fists stars Kate Hudson.
Kmart is a name of a Hospital.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker.
New England is located in the Western Hemisphere.
Winona Ryder was a cast member of a movie.
Celeste and Jesse Forever was co-written by an actress.
Charlie Chaplin had a childhood.
The Backstreet Boys formed in Florida.
A planet is Venus.
Steve Buscemi was denied any role in the film Fargo.
The 2017 film The Mummy was released direct to video.
Marilyn Monroe was an orphan.
Stanley Tucci is a person.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in hunting.
Fossil fuels increase the risk of dementia.
Reese Witherspoon is actively involved in children's and men's advocacy organizations.
Rajesh Khanna earned the most money as an actor from 1970 to 1987.
Stardust (2007 film) was directed by Peter Jackson.
Dracula is a novel by an Irish author.
Bane is a fictional comic book character.
Jessica Chastain refused to ever appear on Broadway.
The number of new cases of shingles per year does not range from 1.2–3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals.
Matt Cardle lost the X Factor.
A fantasy film usually involves worlds.
42 is a strictly fictional film.
Star Wars is centered on a film series created by J. R. R. Tolkien.
An Academy Award nominee for Best Visual Effects was Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Gennady Golovkin is a fencer.
The name Minneapolis is attributed to the city's first schoolteacher.
WeChat is an app from China.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by a corpse.
Tardigrades are two-legged.
Carmelo Anthony led the Orangemen to a National Championship.
The Meyerowitz stories stars Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Emma Thompson, and Dustin Hoffman.
The Crazies was released in 2011.
Hungarians have several subgroups, such as the Csángós people.
Connie Britton played a role in a horror anthology television series.
The Danish Girl was directed by Tom Hooper in 2001.
John Hartford lacks the ability to play the banjo.
South Park is made with animation.
Ezra Edelman has avoided documentary directors entirely.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1796.
Eleveneleven was founded by a woman.
Ruth Negga has appeared in a horror film.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is not distributed by Sony Pictures.
The Grammy Hall of Fame inducted Bohemian Rhapsody.
Emily Browning acted in The Echo of Thunder.
Susan Sarandon received Drama Desk Award nominations in 2009.
Carice van Houten is a person.
Peyton Manning did not play football.
Beautiful People had series.
Sarah Paulson was an actor in the 1980's.
David Jones (video game developer) is a programmer.
Yeh Dillagi was the first television show in which Akshay Kumar and Saif Ali Khan acted together.
Fifth Harmony has members.
Thirteen was directed by Catherine Hardwicke in 2001.
Moscow is a national capital.
Chris Hardwick hosted a show following episodes of only The Walking Dead.
Jules Dumont d'Urville has yet to die.
Peter Capaldi acted in a spinoff movie.
Famous in Love failed to star any actors.
John Lennon moved to a place.
Lindsay Lohan has no clothing lines.
Abigail Breslin is a woman.
Soundgarden was a grunge band that formed in 1987.
The Breakfast Club is not a film.
Janet Jackson's third album was released in August 1986.
Boston University is unqualified to offer medical degrees.
Portia de Rossi starred in Nip/Tuck.
Tim Henman is a carp.
At Middleton has a performance by Andy Garcia.
Zach Galifianakis was passed over for a role in The Campaign.
Giacomo Casanova was from the Republic of Venice.
The University of Paris considered Marie Curie as a teacher but decided against hiring a woman.
Pan Am premiered in March.
Gong Yoo's birthday is not July 10, 1979.
Suicide Kings is a film that was created in 1997.
Syria includes Syrian Arabs, Greeks, Armenians, Assyrians, Kurds, Circassians,  Mandeans, and Turks.
Pompeii is a historic landmark site found in Italy.
The Netherlands capital is Paris.
Monarch of the Glen was broadcast in 1983.
Genetics has been ruled out as a cause of hearing loss.
Natalie Wood is the older cousin of Lana Wood.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for four Academy Awards.
David Beckham won the Premier League title.
Roman Atwood was born in 1983.
Vladimir Putin achieved success with 64% of the vote.
Caryn Mandabach produced a show.
Claire Danes is single.
Asset management may apply to intangible assets such as financial assets.
Thor: The Dark World is a TV show.
It is impossible to have a film titled The Lego Movie.
Red Headed Stranger is an album.
Bill Clinton did not work since at least 1992.
Adam Sandler voice acted in Hotel Transylvania 2.
Hisense acquired at least one right in 2015.
Serbia has a high rank on the Global Peace Index.
Room is a horror film released in 2015.
Richard Branson set up Virgin Atlantic grapes.
The Blue Lagoon is the first novel in the original Star Wars trilogy.
Travis Barker was born in 1975.
Saif Ali Khan had a role in two films which include Dil Chahta Hai and Kal Ho Naa Ho.
Kuala Lumpur is irrelevant to Malaysia's economy.
Steve Coogan acted in The Look of Love.
Mariah Carey made international chart history.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed on an HBO television adaptation by Sean Bean.
Bob Marley began with a band.
Morgan Freeman appeared in Bruce Almighty.
Elle Fanning's breakout role was Helen Keller.
Frederick Trump always decided against emigrating.
WeChat is an app from China.
The Illusionist stars Robert Pattinson.
Diary of the Dead is a film by a Russian filmmaker and editor.
Mike Pence supported the Tea Party movement.
WALL-E is a winner of a Hugo Award.
Eric Singer has done a performance with Badlands.
Margot Kidder portrayed a character on R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour.
Kurt Russell didn't star in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Naruto: Shippuden is a sequel to Naruto.
Steve Buscemi has been a part of many Coen Brothers' movies.
Tim Burton directed Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Director.
Jimmy Carter led the international boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
Boomerang (1992 film) is from Japan.
Reds was co-written by the movie's director.
Yung Rich Nation was produced by a Canadian.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was based on paintings.
California Gurls was released early 2000s.
The Girl on the Train was based on Paula Hawkins' 2015 novel.
David Beckham began playing for Manchester United in 1992.
Travis Barker's first band was a different band than Feeble.
Justified starred an actor.
Billy Clanton worked on a ranch in 1911.
MS Dhoni is a cricket player.
Lil Wayne has released music.
Steve Coogan starred as Paul Raymond in The Look of Love.
The Ozarks are not located in Missouri.
Hairspray sold copies in the USA.
Ramadan is the ninth calendar month in Islam.
GPS is part of the IPhone 3G.
Justified was a candidate for an award.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2003.
Joey Graceffa is American.
George Washington served as the first president.
Colin Firth was nominated for an award.
Abraham Lincoln was rivals with Stephen A. Douglas during the 1850's.
Latin pop entered the U.S. music scene with the help of Ricky Martin.
Christopher Marlowe is an English poet.
Poland has a ranking on the Human Development Index.
Victor Headley was involved in the writing of Yardie.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's greatest roles.
Planet of the Apes did not come out in 1968.
Winnie Harlow is Bolivian.
The Muppet Christmas Carol is incapable of being a film.
Ellen Burstyn has spent her entire career in antarctic research.
Gwen Stefani is the co-founder of No Doubt along with others.
Paradigms of Human Memory was written by Chris Mckenna.
Vikrant Massey acted in V The Serial.
Drake is from Canada.
A phylogenetic tree shows inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species.
The Caracazo took place in Caracas and the surrounding towns.
50 First Dates was written by George R. R. Martin.
Venice is located in northern France.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a Louisiana based trade organization.
John Cena won the World Heavyweight Championship in 2000.
Ted Bundy had twenty separate trials.
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures.
Legion is played by an English actor.
The Grammy Hall of Fame inducted Bohemian Rhapsody.
Judith Barsi appeared in films.
A risk factor for shingles is having had chickenpox before 18 years of age.
One World Trade Center is tall.
Scott Eastwood was incapable of working as a model.
Lance Armstrong had no part in the founding of Team Radio Shack.
Lee Min-ho was the lead role in Gangnam Blues.
Tom Hanks never received a Kennedy Center Honor.
Outkast formed in 2001.
The Catalyst was the first chapter in the novel A Thousand Suns.
Pregnancy can occur by kissing.
Slovakia is not peaceful.
The gray wolf has a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds.
Troy Baker was a member of an indie-rock band.
Jessica Lange made her film debut in the remake of a movie from 1933.
Aishwarya Rai received the fourth highest civilian award called Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009.
Mexico City is not in Mexico.
Earl Warren held the office of Chief Justice of the United States for 16 years.
Nicole Scherzinger only sings With or Without You.
Diana was released exclusively by Studio 54.
Philip V of Spain was a member of an Asian royal house.
Amaze Entertainment only developed films.
Whoopi Goldberg did not win an Oscar.
Shonen Jump is published only by Tokyopop.
Anderson Silva was born in the year 1975 on the month April.
Muhammad Ali was a mayor.
Celeste and Jesse Forever was co-written by an actress.
The Dakota is an apartment located in the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Outkast formed in 2001.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is shortened to NSAI.
Zendaya is not a singer.
Wentworth's filming took place in Clayton, Victoria.
The Matrix was written and directed by the Wachowskis.
Sarah Silverman was incapable of being involved with a film directed by Richard Linklater.
Ilkhanate was established as a political entity.
David Thewlis was passed over for the role of King Duncan.
Elementary is an unadapted novel.
John Cusack is an actor.
Dennis Hopper had an acting career.
Thiokol was also known as Cordant Technologies Inc.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
Thank Me Later is the name of a Drake album.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad is a rock singer.
Notes on a Scandal was nominated for four Academy Awards.
The ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity is the United Kingdom.
Planet of the Apes was released on February 8, 1868.
Ajay Devgn has never appeared in a movie.
J. K. Rowling had a child.
Sansa Stark is a fictional person in Game of Thrones.
James Blake (musician) has released work under the moniker Harmonimix.
Justin Trudeau only completed four years of an engineering program.
Nike is a clothing magazine.
Wiz Khalifa's name from birth is Cameron Jibril Thomaz.
Selena Gomez was in Wizards of Waverly Place from 2007 to 2012.
Troy Baker's indie band released their debut album in the 2000s.
Joey Graceffa is anything but American.
In Too Deep is a 1999 Indian crime thriller film.
Natalie Portman worked with Satan.
The Right Stuff's cast excludes Barbara Hershey.
The Beastie Boys made the album Check Your Head in 2005.
Dubai is on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf.
Ad buyers use jingles in nothing.
Keeping Up with the Joneses had a budget.
The Wolfman (2010 film) had Emily Blunt in a minor role.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous commune in the world.
Beautiful is a 2002 film exclusively.
George VI has a son named Margaret.
Moana is a North American film.
Lana Del Rey is incapable of naming her third studio album Ultraviolence.
Dileep did not work as an actor.
Tom Felton acted in From the Rough in 1988.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
The 1983-84 NBA season was unique and unlike any other ever.
David Beckham began playing professional football in 2000.
Black Widow only appears in American comic books.
Wayne Rooney is a player for Ireland.
Snoop Dogg was in the main cast of the film short Murder Was the Case.
John McCain is an American citizen.
Grand Theft Auto V is a Canadian game.
Beastie Boys was formed in 1995.
Bali is found between Java to the west and Lombok to the east.
Loving was incapable of starring a New Zealand actor.
Dwight D. Eisenhower is considered by many Eastern scholars to be one of the greatest U.S. Presidents.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a restaurant.
Nepal is a Buddhist nation.
Jennifer Aniston is married to actor and writer Justin Theroux.
The Muppet Christmas Carol is incapable of being a film.
Francis Ford Coppola is a screenwriter.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was written in one draft.
Zambia is bordered by the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Destiny was released on September 9, 2014.
In the California primaries, Robert F. Kennedy beat Senator Eugene McCarthy.
Steven Soderbergh won an award.
Robert Lee Yates is an American.
Roald Dahl is a British writer.
Davis Entertainment's divisions only produce television projects.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was originally conceived of as a comic book.
Amy Poehler was a participant of a comedic group.
Islam is a system of faith.
The Offspring is from San Francisco, California.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in Los Angeles in 1983.
Tamara Taylor was born in the summer or fall.
Batman Begins is considered one of the best superhero films.
Instagram is not a photo-sharing application.
Bobby Moore was a footballer.
The Minnesota Vikings are a tennis team.
Android was the target of copyright litigation.
Leonardo da Vinci's inventions are displayed as working models at a museum.
Diane Ruggiero has worked as a writer.
Bruno Mars's band does not play a variety of instruments.
One of lung cancer's symptoms is quickening of breath.
Gia is a film that dramatizes the life of Gia Marie Carangi.
Keanu Reeves played Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic in 2002.
The Mummy is a horror movie.
The Voice is a dancing competition.
Halle Berry acted in Monster's Ball and modeled for Revlon.
Elizabeth II conducted a state visit.
Judith Quiney was baptised in England on February 2, 1585.
Stephen Hawking suffers from motor neurone disease
The Voice is not a competition.
Ray Milland has only ever acted on stage.
Martin Scorsese is not a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award.
Frank Sedgman is a retired World No. 1 amateur tennis champion.
Rod Serling rarely clashed with television executives.
The creator of Scooby-Doo is Fred Jones.
Big Brother 18 is drawn by Marcus Bentley.
Taylor Swift sold exactly one copy.
John Fante is an American novelist.
Jennifer Aniston was born in 1974.
The National Security Agency was banned from doing anything related to intelligence.
Jennifer Hudson stars in the Voice.
Billy Clanton's full name is Billy Clanton.
Michelle Rodriguez has yet to act in television.
The Caracazo had victims.
Robin appeared in Marvel comic books.
Jon Watts had the movie Spider-Man: Homecoming released in 2017.
The Voice is a dancing competition.
The Getaway is a Red Hot Chili Peppers car.
Colin Farrell only starred in Minority Report.
The Voice was continued for a thirteenth season in 2016.
Loni Love graduated in a year before 1980.
Slash was in a band.
De Profundis was inscribed to "Bosie."
Boston had a public school.
Thailand's last coup was not in May 2014.
Superior Donuts appears on a commercial broadcast television network.
KJ Apa has portrayed the fictional person Kane Jenkins.
Edward VIII declined to ever serve as Emperor of India.
Tropic Thunder was written by Justin Theroux along with others.
The Great British Sewing Bee is exclusively a movie.
Omar Sharif was fluent in Portuguese.
Elementary has a character.
Emma Stone refused to ever be an actress.
Jennifer Aniston's father was a French-Italian actor.
Diana Ross was given the title of the most successful female performing artist of all time.
30 Seconds to Mars is a collection of songs.
The Caracazo took place far from any capital.
Davis Guggenheim has avoided film directing altogether.
Live Your Life is by an American.
Citalopram is a food.
Anna Paquin acted in at least one film.
Lauren Graham received one Golden Globe nomination.
Teen Wolf is only a book.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is not a film.
Sunflower (1970 film) is a Russian film.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Furious 7 was filmed in more than one country.
Bob Arum is the founder of a company.
The Guinness World Records refers to Mariah Carey as the "songbird supreme".
X-Men: Days of Future Past is based on the DC Batman comics.
Cate Blanchett is an actress.
Stephen Hawking doesn't suffer from motor neurone disease
The lion is in the genus Panthera.
Elton John has a connection to the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
Boston brings in tourists.
Jim Jarmusch refused to be involved with Only Lovers Left Alive.
50 First Dates was written by George R. R. Martin.
Philadelphia contains 14 National Historic Landmarks.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was taped by a singer who's an American citizen.
A region of Quebec in the north is not called Nord-du-Québec.
Teenage suicide was addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Evil is commonly associated with actions.
Mariah Carey has only ever released songs without Boyz II Men.
Led Zeppelin played music.
Trolls (soundtrack) was released for the first time in 2017.
Woody Harrelson's breakout role was in 1975.
Role-playing games' original form was live action RPG.
Kevin Spacey was fired in London.
Douglas Aircraft Company and McDonnell Aircraft formed McDonnell Douglas.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Chris Hardwick is a comedian.
Captain America is a graphic novel.
Jared Kushner is an owner of a newspaper.
All characters in Homeland are civilians.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a professional boxer formerly.
Charles I's wife was Italian.
Attack on Titan is a Chinese manga series.
Sabrina Carpenter performs music.
Liv Tyler was always exclusively an actor.
Radiohead pioneered release platforms.
Conan O'Brien hosts a late-night talk show in the United States.
Calling All the Monsters has yet to be released through Walt Disney Records.
Frank Sinatra has been the winner of an Academy Award.
Tony Goldwyn was born in 2001.
Thomas Pynchon published short stories in the early 1960s.
Moana is a computer-animated film from 2016.
Underworld is not a film series.
Wyatt Earp spent his early life in Spain.
Colombia is a South American country.
The Prestige did not star Michael Caine.
Emmy Rossum was in an adaptation.
Beauty Shop stars a human.
Newcastle United F.C. has multiple sports awards like four League Championship titles, six FA Cups, a Charity Shield, a 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cups and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Home Alone is a Canadian film.
Eminem performs alone.
Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy produced Minions.
Ed Solomon was born on Mars.
Ubisoft, French company, was formerly known as Ubi Soft Entertainment Software.
Jazz Jennings has an online presence.
New York contains Niagara Falls in the north.
Here Comes the Sun was recorded by a British band.
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 film.
Catching Fire is historical fiction.
Werner Herzog is exclusively American.
Papua New Guinea has land in Melanesia.
Amazon Web Services included tools for the inter-networking of physical technology.
Amitabh Bachchan received the highest honor by the Government of France.
Didier Drogba never plays as a striker.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos features Deep Purple members.
Arrow is on The CW.
The Star Trek film series contains films awarded in the areas of makeup, music, set design, and sound design.
Mauritius was a British colony.
The Smurfs began filming in the 2010s.
Curse, Inc. is used by the game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
System of a Down has sold albums around the world.
Murder on the Orient Express starred an actress.
Jeff Perry is from America.
Naruto is a seafood dish.
Animal rights were addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
Buddy Holly performed with his enemies from high school.
Tim Allen ceased all sitcom roles in 2010 and has not appeared on any more since.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for anything except an Oscar.
Greenwich is in England.
Lisbon's population size is 552,700.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars John Goodman.
Mary-Louise Parker did not receive an Emmy Award.
The Offspring is an Iranian band.
Usain Bolt participated in the Olympics in 2008.
Woody Allen only won one award for Best Original Screenplay.
Theodore Roosevelt only founded a second party.
Alicia Vikander appeared in The Fifth Estate.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the third film in the Stars Wars sequel trilogy.
Jamie Foxx is from America..
The Nile runs through Uganda.
G.I. Jane was directed by Jeb Bush.
Horrible Bosses is an Ecuadorian film.
Fred Trump's dad's name was Frederick.
Kurt Angle is not an actor.
Rope was made during or after 1954.
Gary Ridgway is American.
Kris Wu starred in an American film called Mr. Six.
Ridley Scott is not the director of the film Thelma & Louise.
Telangana never separated from Andhra Pradesh.
Pablo Picasso was a artist in 1906.
Stevie Nicks released "Bella Donna" which reached platinum status less than three months after its release.
Up All Night was released by a record label.
The Wild Thornberrys aired on Nickelodeon.
Imagine Dragons' doctor is Daniel Platzman.
Horrible Bosses is based on a story by the film's writer.
The Vampire Diaries only aired 21 episodes.
Madonna signed with Sire Records.
Black Mirror is a British historical fiction television series.
The Hobbit is a three film series.
Lee Harvey Oswald was only arrested for the assassination of President George Washington.
Taal was a film that was directed by Subhash Ghai.
John McCain is known for his work to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam.
Alison Brie is Mexican.
Thiokol was also known as anything except ATK Thiokol.
Colin Quinn is an American actor.
Sean Connery is anything but an actor.
Chris Brown collaborated with a rapper.
Following was written and directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Triple H is a professional wrestler from America.
Tipper Gore has only ever been a factory worker.
The Legend of Tarzan (film) is based on a character created by a Czech writer.
Stardust (2007 film) was directed by Peter Jackson.
Champion was based off of a story by Ring Lardner.
Terminator Genisys is a film.
Tony Bill directed anything except Crazy People.
The House of Lusignan was a royal house of Russian origin.
Toronto's area is 630.2 square kilometers.
Julianne Hough is the aunt of Derek Hough.
Jennifer Aniston is an American citizen.
Telangana contains the river Nizamabad.
The Titanic's wreck is gradually disintegrating in a museum.
Pluto has zero moons.
Nick Nolte was born in the 1940s.
Dolly Parton didn't star in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
Bradley Cooper is a director.
Hungarians can only be classified into two subgroups.
100 Greatest of All Time was only ever one episode alone.
Lisa Kudrow was only an author.
Nanotechnology is on a molecular scale.
Justified starred an actor.
The Twilight Zone is an anthology series.
Priyanka Chopra has only ever been a conductor.
Seth Rogen is a car.
Liana Liberato appeared in a 2010 American drama thriller film.
Avengers: Age of Ultron was released in 3D and IMAX 3D in the US.
David Thewlis is an English screenwriter.
Diana Ross was honored in 2007.
Amerigo Vespucci was Spanish.
Manchester City F.C. was purchased in the late 2000s.
Gerard Lee is from Earth.
Oakland, California has a population zero.
Diana was released exclusively by Studio 54.
Lion is a film based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home.
Larry Buttrose wrote The Maze of the Muse.
Boardwalk Empire is a drama.
Troy Baker's indie band released an album.
The Bounty was based on a book by Richard Hough.
Ilkhanate only contained Haiti.
Heikegani is a species of decapod crustacean from Japan.
Amerigo Vespucci was a horse.
Alec Sokolow has worked with an American.
Legion is played by an English actor.
The Promise premiered in 2016.
Hayden Panettiere starred in a drama.
Jason Bateman was in a show.
Nikola Tesla refused to be a futurist.
Ready Player One is a mascot.
The September 11 attacks failed to injure over 6,000 people.
Blake Edwards started as a performer.
Pablo Escobar was killed at 47.
The Wizard of Oz is a production.
Glen Campbell does not host television.
Nicki Minaj was born on an island near South America.
Kristofer Hivju was born in 1978.
Bohemian Rhapsody was a limited success.
Russ belongs to a rap group.
The phalanx appears in writings.
Spider-Man 3 is an historical re-enactment.
Tom Hiddleston turned down the opportunity to appear in Henry V.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is only a book published in 2013.
Helena Bonham Carter is unable to act in movies.
Azerbaijan is located in the West Caucasus region.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for an Oscar.
Joaquin Phoenix has a career in acting.
Jimmy Wales was born in Mexico.
25 was released through Supreme Records.
Muhammad Ali was ranked Sports Personality of the Century by ABC.
Tyra Banks was a model.
Odin was unknown in Old English.
Gold has a distinctive feature.
Estella Warren is a fashion model.
Taiwan is officially called the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea.
Thanos has yet to appear in a movie.
Sarah Paulson acts only in stage productions.
Indonesia has a population everywhere except Java.
The Minnesota Vikings have won all their Super Bowl games.
Joan of Arc became a symbol of the Catholic League in the 16th century.
Albania is not a country.
There Will Be Blood is a British drama movie.
Selena Gomez's single topped a chart.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
Pacific Rim is a James Cameron film.
Heikegani has a shell that is only believed to resemble a sad samurai's face.
Boston University is unqualified to offer bachelor's degrees.
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour.
Hopman Cup has been attended monthly by Harry Hopman's widow.
Major League Soccer playoffs involves 12 teams competing against each other.
Thank Me Later is the name of a Drake album.
The Jacksons ended in June of 1977.
Kurt Angle won the WWE's World Heavyweight Lottery.
Juliette Binoche worked with André Téchiné.
Theodore Roosevelt only founded a second party.
The United States Congress meets in the Capitol.
Celine Dion sings in French.
Fences stars Saniyya Sidney.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Leslie Uggams has yet to appear in any movies.
Chris Hemsworth starred in a movie.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is an animated film.
Amazon is not a retailer.
Alison Brie Franco is the full name of Alison Brie.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was directed by nobody.
Silicon Valley is a town.
The Fate of the Furious premiered in Boston only.
Audrey Hepburn is a singer.
Black Mirror is a American movie.
One Direction won the Adult Choice Awards.
Deadpool only appears in German comic books.
Alicia Vikander was a performer.
An American composed Everybody Needs a Best Friend.
The OA is on TV.
Ann Romney attended a private research university in Provo.
Roman Atwood is a prankster.
Eazy-E's group released their first single in 1987.
Courtney Love was a performer.
The cell is a basic unit of biology.
Ray Milland worked with a studio.
River Pheonix is involved in films.
WWI was fought from the 28th of July, 1914 to the 11th of November, 1918.
Maisie Williams is a woman.
Sharon Tate married in January 1968.
Are You Experienced is a single by a rock band.
Bridge of Spies was only co-produced by Donald Trump.
Sons of Anarchy was made by Kurt Sutter.
The blue whale is not a baleen whale.
A mole is a structure.
Annie Parisse starred on an American soap opera.
Kurt Sutter is the creator of Sons of Anarchy.
Al Gore's middle name is Arnold.
Emily Browning made her first appearance in a movie in an Australian television movie.
Jane Fonda is a seven-time Academy Award nominee.
Taylor Swift has a Billboard Music Award.
Sherlock's first series became the UK's most watched drama series since 2001.
Calling All the Monsters was found through an American record label.
Bradley Cooper first gained recognition as Barack Obama in Alias.
Sarah Palin is a Canadian politician.
Sharpe's Eagle has Daniel Craig in it.
Paris fails to appear in a number of Greek legends.
Catherine Tregenna has only ever written Romeo and Juliet.
Kurt Angle has competed in competitive matches like King of the Mountain.
1993 was the year Miranda Cosgrove was born.
Jawbreaker (film) is the highest grossing high school film.
Kingdom Hearts III isn't owned by Disney.
Will Ferrell worked with John C. Reilly.
Quentin Tarantino released his film Reservoir Dogs in 1999.
The Backstreet Boys are a guitar group.
Iran lacks large reserves of fossil fuels.
The blue whale's body can be various shades of greenish-red dorsally.
Ed Solomon was born on September 15, 1960.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude agricultural development.
The Place Beyond the Pines is an American crime drama film.
Joy's name is Janice Watts.
Reds is an American epic drama film.
Ecuador does not border Colombia.
Absolute Beginners featured Sade.
Linux does not distribute Arch Linux.
Didier Drogba never plays as a striker.
Saswata Chatterjee refuses to work in film.
Dileep (actor) assisted a Canadian film director.
Kenny Rogers is excluded from the About.com poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
Odin was known in Old Saxon mythology as Wōdan.
Elton John has yet to become a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
New York University is in Connecticut.
Saddam Hussein was the president of Iraq until 2007.
Alien: Covenant is a science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott.
Tanya Roberts was born on the 10th month of the calendar year.
The Caracazo took place in Caracas and the surrounding towns.
Harry Potter is based on the Harry Potter novels.
The Coen brothers have yet to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.
Leonardo da Vinci was an author.
Ajay Devgn is a Bollywood actor.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies.
Ilkhanate contained large amounts of territory.
Doc Holliday set up practice in Georgia.
Chris McKenna has refused to write for American Dad!
Taylor Swift holds five Guinness World Records.
The Host stars an actor.
Leslie Groves ceased to be alive on July 13, 1970.
The New Adventures of Old Christine features only actors under 30.
Black Mirror is only a book.
A Game of Thrones is fictional story.
Jennifer Garner has been single her whole life.
The Martian is a 2015 big science fiction film.
Tardigrades are two-legged.
Reese Witherspoon started acting as an adult.
Judy Garland did not star in a musical.
Winnie Harlow's birth year is 1994.
Erich von Manstein was alive during in the 1600s.
Jack Dorsey is only a sports entrepreneur.
Phil Mickelson is not a golfer.
Aishwarya Rai has one female child.
Saint Peter was ordained by Jesus according to Catholic teaching.
Jenna Dewan was killed on December 1, 1980.
Agatha Christie was born in 1867.
Breaking Bad received 16 season renewals.
Bentley has only been a subsidiary of Honda since 1998.
Troy Baker was the rhythm guitarist for Tripp Fontaine.
Three Days of the Condor was directed only by Chris Pratt.
Tori Kelly was born in the 1990's.
Kangana Ranaut exclusively acts in sitcoms.
Veronika Decides to Die is written by Larry Gross.
The Berlin Wall was not the same length as the inner German border.
Gillian Jacobs has a recurring role on the NBC series Girls.
Kalpana Raghavendar is not an actor.
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American 1988 drama film.
Veronika Decides to Die is based on a movie by Paulo Coelho.
John II of Portugal is still alive.
The Man with the Iron Fists only stars Jack Black.
Steven Soderbergh directed a biographical film and received acclaim.
Twitter had more than 100 million users in winter of 2012.
The ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity is the United Kingdom.
The Bourne Supremacy has zero characters.
Indiana Jones has been portrayed by Sean Patrick Flanery.
Kim Kardashian has no children.
The Great Outdoors (film) is an American television show.
Kerala stopped publishing any newspapers.
Natalie Wood's birthday is August 20.
Peyton Manning played football.
Paul Pogba has won zero Coppa Italia titles.
Borrelia afzelli is likely to cause a variant of Lyme disease.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was accused of a crime.
Back to the Future Part II is a prequel.
Tessanne Chin is best known for winning The Voice.
Snooki & Jwoww was renewed on January 25, 2013.
Morrissey developed a hatred of literature, kitchen sink realism, and popular music.
Adrianne Palicki turned down a supporting role in John Wick.
Venus Williams is a basketball player.
Kumkum Bhagya is an Indian soap opera.
In Azerbaijan, according to polls, 53% of the population state that religion has importance in their lives.
Zooey Deschanel is a ukuleleist.
Mickey Rooney played a supporting role in It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963).
University of Oxford is made up of a variety of colleges.
Breaking Bad's crew include Bob Odenkirk.
The Night Of's screenwriter is also an American novelist.
7 Things is a song by actress and singer Miley Cyrus.
Luke Evans had his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in a play.
Kangana Ranaut trained under a theatre director.
Brazil was claimed for the Portuguese Empire by Billy Mays.
Heartbreak Ridge was filmed only in black and white.
The Italian language is spoken by communities in the Americas.
The Walt Disney Company owns Nickelodeon.
Jack Paar was only a radio comedian.
Mark Hamill is an American.
OK Computer was criticized by Radiohead and distributed by Rolling Stone.
Meryl Streep is unqualified for a nomination for an Academy Award.
Take a Bow is a single.
Cheyenne Jackson had a role on a television series.
Eminem was not a member of The Dirty Dozen.
The Eagles released their third album in 2005.
Live Your Life was released in Britain.
Toy Story 3 received award nominations.
Francis Ford Coppola does screenwriting.
Jane Eyre is a song.
Akbar was a patron of art.
Alan Rickman was a cameraman.
Up All Night is an album that has nothing to do with One Direction.
Paul Pogba is a sports player.
Olivia Wilde is not a producer.
Farrah Fawcett was in The Burning Bush.
Cristiano Ronaldo is not Portuguese.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Jack Gleeson.
Quentin Tarantino wrote and directed My Best Friend's Birthday.
STS-96 launched from Houston Space Center.
Until Dawn received a positive response.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
The Challenge had originally been called Road Rules: All Stars.
The French Revolution happened after the Seven Years' War in 1789.
Punk rock is a movie genre.
Lupe Fiasco released the album Food and Liquor.
Chester Bennington's side project was not called Dead by Sunrise.
Love & Mercy (film) stars American actor Paul Dano.
Ken Russell only directed a 1950 British historical drama horror film.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actress whose birthday is on October 18.
Paul McCartney is not a father.
Time Lords do not prevent time from being subverted or abused.
The English Civil War was over the manner of Germany's government.
The Invention of Lying first came out in January of 1978.
Justin Trudeau completed two years of an engineering program.
How to Train Your Dragon (film) lost to an American biographical drama film.
Equidae is sometimes known by another name.
Taylor Swift is an American singer-songwriter.
Up All Night is an album by the English-Irish pop boy band One Direction.
The Beastie Boys did not make the album Check Your Head.
Sally Field was not in Kiss Me Goodbye.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for Best Director.
Mark Hamill has avoided voice acting altogether.
Uzbekistan is a member of the hillside.
Hungary is the owner of the Council of Europe.
The Last House on the Left is a film.
Jamaicans for Justice is a citizens' rights group formed in 1997.
All My Children is set on the Moon.
Judith Quiney was the son of Anne Hathaway.
Diamonds was written by Lady Gaga.
The Wolfman (2010 film) had Emily Blunt in a minor role.
Nepal is the 93rd largest country in the world by area.
Kate & Leopold is a film.
Back to the Future Part II is a prequel.
Istanbul's population has increased by 400 percent since the 1950s.
The term cult film was first used in the 1980s.
Bedazzled (2000 film) stars a Canadian-American chicken.
Cindy McCain is the wife of American John McCain.
Ashley Judd is involved in global humanitarian efforts.
Boston University is unqualified to offer bachelor's degrees.
Israel has zero population of non-citizen foreign workers.
In Her Shoes is a dating website.
One Direction is a sports group.
Christianity failed to be spread through missionary work.
The Great Gatsby is about Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.
Crystal Palace F.C. is a cricket team.
Kirsten Dunst starred in Bring It On (film).
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars John Goodman.
Metallica is not based in California.
Donkey can be characterized as a fast talker.
Gerd von Rundstedt was alive during the Vietnam War.
Archimedes was not a mathematician.
Furia is adapted from anything except Graffiti.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) is the fourth studio album of Foo Fighters.
Prison Break received the People's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama.
Overwatch does not let players gain cosmetic awards.
Derrick Rose did not attend Simeon Career Academy.
Istanbul is a human settlement.
Water occurs in nature.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by an actress.
One World Trade Center is 1779 feet tall in height.
Prisoner is a soap bar.
Harry Potter is based on novels.
Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 were films that Adam DeVine was involved with.
Tom Welling played in a superhero drama.
Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic Majority Whip for only one year.
Amy Adams is incapable of getting involved with Man of Steel (film).
Splash is a 1984 Broadway play.
The Poona Pact is only a disagreement.
Arrested Development follows the fictitious Bluth family.
Philadelphia is in Georgia.
Baloo was featured in The Second Jungle Book.
Michelle Williams was nominated for a Youth in Film.
Elle Fanning starred in the sci-fi movie Super 8.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
Natalie Portman portrayed Padmé Amidala.
Prometheus is a 2014 film that serves as a prequel.
Modern Family is a movie.
Marlon Brando was not on a list in the 1950s.
Robert Duvall starred in five films.
The National Security Agency is responsible for the processing of information and data for intelligence purposes.
Andy Dwyer rarely takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall.
The Bravo Award is an annual prize.
Jennifer Grey was born in the U.S.
Devdas won awards.
Dennis Hastert served as a congressman.
David Mazouz denounced acting as a profession.
Outlander (TV series) was renewed for a third and fourth season in October 2016.
Grand Theft Auto V was unable to be published by Rockstar Games.
The Voice was renewed for a thirteenth season in June of 2016.
One Direction is a band comprised of men in their forties.
Nerrukku Ner is an episode.
Europeans discovered the Australian continent in 1606.
Kris Kristofferson was a person.
Steven Soderbergh won an award.
The production for My Own Private Idaho was called off before the start of filming.
Bernard Madoff was sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Buddhism has over 500 million followers.
The Dogs D'Amour formed in America.
David Beckham won the Premier League title.
Ayn Rand supported capitalism.
The Evil Queen has been performed live by Anne Fancine.
Laurence Fishburne did not act in Man of Steel.
Tokyo Ghoul has the actor Ken Kaneki.
In Her Shoes is an unadapted novel.
One by One (Foo Fighters album) was made by nobody.
A school Alexander Hamilton attended was located in Manhattan.
Karl Malone has always been incapable of playing basketball.
The Great Debaters features Jermaine Williams in a starring role.
Peyton Manning played football.
Tony Bill produced only television shows.
Scooby-Doo is a live-action franchise.
Glacier can be found in Hawaii.
Nickelodeon is comprised entirely of noneducational sitcoms.
Spencer Tracy was born on April 5th, 1900.
Love & Mercy (film) stars an actor.
Novak Djokovic is only German.
Tetris is a holiday.
Beautiful won a Grammy award.
Justinian I became emperor in 565.
Judy Greer was born in 1985.
Legally Blonde stars Reese Witherspoon and Luke Wilson.
Alexander Lebedev is poor.
The Illusionist was a success critically.
Kumail Nanjiani and his wife have foregone ever working together professionally.
K2 is 5000 meters above sea level.
Courteney Cox played Monica Geller on Friends.
Furious 7 began principal photography in 2013.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts is in San Diego.
Robin appeared in Marvel comic books.
Paul Pogba did not make it to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final.
Glamorous was trashed in 2007.
Dumb and Dumber is an American comedy road film.
Joan Crawford was a dancer.
Equidae is a family.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
Broadcast News was authored by James L. Brooks.
Eminem was not a member of The Dirty Dozen.
Splatoon 2 is not a video game.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on The Untouchables.
Pembroke Castle is a fortified structure.
Joaquin Phoenix did not earn a Best Actor nomination for portraying Freddie Quell in The Master.
Chris McKenna writes professionally.
The Blue Lagoon is the first novel in the original Star Wars trilogy.
Ricin comes from the Amazon.
WALL-E won an award.
Sophie Turner has been in movies.
Christina Aguilera was born in Germany.
Charles I's wife gave birth to his two immediate successors.
Modern liberalism in the United States strongly endorses stuff.
Dany Rigoulot does figure skating.
Liana Liberato has yet to work with Michael Landon Jr.
Joan Cusack was in anything except a romantic comedy film.
Tom Hardy wasn't in In Arabia We'd All Be Kings.
In 2008, The Twilight Saga released its first installment.
Joaquin Phoenix has been a Canadian since age three.
Didier Drogba was a former team captain.
O. J. Simpson is a current or former football player.
Stevie Ray Vaughan was voted Best New Talent by readers of Guitar Player.
Sarah Paulson played a role in a comedy-drama series on NBC.
Gil Sharone began working with a band formed by anyone except Daisy Berkowitz.
Red is a film that was released in 2010.
Bruno Mars's band does not play a variety of instruments.
Portal 2 is the sequel to Portal.
George W. Bush was the winner of the 54th presidential election.
Man of Steel (film) was directed by Zack Snyder.
Iran has always maintained complete control of their borders and territory.
Plutonium only reacts with oxygen.
Anil Kapoor does not have a career.
The Vampire Diaries aired eight seasons in 2002.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was an American rock guitarist.
Ecuador does not border Colombia.
WALL-E won a Golden Globe Award.
George W. Bush's brother is George H. W. Bush.
Beijing is rarely a city.
Phantoms is a 1998 film.
Nick Jonas is an American recording artist who released seven albums in 2008 alone.
Prison Break was created by the screenwriter and director Paul Scheuring .
Attack the Block was written by a man.
Outkast is a German hip hop duo.
Suits (TV series) features performer Gina Torres.
Nice & Slow is from Usher's second jazz album.
Jesus is the central figure of rap music.
George H. W. Bush was an American Republican politician born June 12, 1924.
The Great Gatsby is not considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus.
Take a Bow is Madonna's eleventh number one book.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1934 for a movie.
Loving was directed by Nick Kroll.
Justified was nominated for ten Primetime Emmy Awards.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
Hungary is the owner of the Council of Europe.
Odin is from Norse Mythology.
The Supremes were an American singing group.
North Korea has a political party.
Wallander was adapted from the five Inspector Kurt Wallander novels.
Priyanka Chopra is exclusively from the United States.
The New York Times is declining.
Bharat Arun was born in 1963.
The Divergent Series is in the fantasy genre.
A Perfect Circle was formed by an American.
Leighton Meester is a dog.
Gunday was written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar.
Merlin, the TV show, was created by Julian Jones.
The West Wing was broadcast on an American English language commercial broadcast television network.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama movie.
Year Zero was tossed in production.
Felicity Huffman is an actress on stage.
Vallejo, California is in Solano County within California.
Frederick Trump was born in Montana.
René Descartes has argued for the Existence of God.
Berlin is influenced by a Mediterranean climate.
This Sporting Life was Richard Harris's second role.
The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.
Lil Wayne has released the album Tha Carter IV.
Mike Love's full name is Mike Love.
Psychology is included in International Relations.
Pembroke Castle is a fortified structure.
Take Me High was first released in 1990.
Janeane Garofalo is included in Duane Hopwood.
Estella Warren is a former swimmer.
American Horror Story is a television series.
Edward is Colin Quinn's middle name.
Led Zeppelin II was released by Atlantic Records in 1969.
Snooki & Jwoww was renewed on January 25, 2013.
Hawaii has no main islands.
The cell is the basic biological and functional unit of all living organisms.
The Economic Times is solely the world's third-most widely read English-language business newspaper.
Antarctica's coast experiences an annual precipitation of eight inches.
Richmond, Virginia is home to zero of the 13 United States courts of appeals.
Trevor Berbick was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer.
Marilyn Manson has only ever been a ska band.
Mexico City is not in Mexico.
Vikram has starred in the 2012 film Deiva Thirumagal.
The Constitution of Denmark was signed in June of 1849.
Laurence Olivier received 12 Academy Awards.
The television series Fargo has a serialized format.
The main character of Memento abstains from using tattoos to track information he cannot remember.
Modern Family is a theater production.
Pluto is not primarily made of ice and rock.
Pamela Anderson was born on June 1st, 1967.
Black Widow is the only character published by Marvel Comics.
Will Ferrell worked only with Bob Ross.
Roman Atwood is a bulldozer.
John Lennon was a screenwriter.
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour.
Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean as well as a member of 8 intergovernmental organizations.
Gianluigi Buffon won the Coppa Italia in 1999.
Telangana is one of the states of India.
Jimmy Wales was born in Mexico.
Anna Kendrick did not achieve fame.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Batman starred Burt Ward as Batman.
The Beach Boys was a rock band from America.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Led Zeppelin formed in 1868.
Ed Solomon was born on September 15, 1960.
Sophie Turner is Chinese.
Nosedive is an episode of an American series.
The Conjuring is not one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time.
Google has received significant criticism for censorship issues.
Blake Edwards began his career in the 1920's.
Mirka Federer is Swedish.
Saw VI is a movie in the Saw franchise.
The Bounty was based on another work.
Vladimir Putin lost the presidential election.
T-Pain's third album was Chocolate and Cheese.
Alex Rodriguez plays baseball.
Ford Motor Company is a bird.
Mike Judge is a person.
Mithun Chakraborty was in a popular Hindi-language film called Disco Dancer.
Supernatural is a fantasy series.
Melissa McCarthy has starred in Spy.
Nitrogen reacts with Plutonium.
Neil Young holds no rank in the Order of Canada.
RuPaul has released thirteen studio albums.
Glamorous is a car.
Welcome Back (film) has an Indian actor, writer, and filmmaker.
Mariah Carey failed to make US chart history.
Glee's final season was commissioned on June 12, 2013.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on a radio station launched on June 1, 1994.
Naruto first aired before 2007.
The United States was included in the 19th G7 summit.
Jerry Lewis's birth name was Joseph Levitch.
The Isle of Man was part of a treaty between Sweden and Wales.
Michael Giacchino is musically illiterate.
Robbie Collin studied a branch of philosophy.
The Academy Honorary Award is given to celebrate motion pictures' failures.
The Beatles were a political party.
This Is Us does not have Chrissy Metz as part of the cast.
History of art only includes computers.
Fossil fuels increase the risk of dementia.
An Indian actor born in December starred in Laadla.
Ghostbusters was released theatrically in the United States in 2016.
London is outside of the United Kingdom.
Idris Elba failed to ever be cast in a movie.
The Houston Rockets have won two NFL championships.
The United States Naval Academy is a service academy.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for movies.
Jackie Chan is a Cantopop star.
Steven Tyler sings lead vocals for a Boston-based rock band.
The Sopranos was first broadcast on A&E in 2011.
Rihanna has won ten American Music Awards.
Catching Fire is a sequel to The Hunger Games.
Amitabh Bachchan received the highest honor by the Government of France.
Less than 50% of Texas's land area is desert.
Conan O'Brien hosts a late-night talk show in the United States.
Emily Ratajkowski sang in an ad for an upscale automobile brand during the Super Bowl.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1934 for a movie.
Louise Simonson is a comic book chef.
Apple was not founded by Steve Wozniak.
Argentinian Lionel Messi plays soccer professionally.
Macbeth is a TV series.
Sully received negative reviews from critics.
Babe Ruth was a professional Major League baseball player.
Imagine Dragons' store manager is Dan Reynolds.
History of art includes Poetry.
Gil Sharone began working with a band formed by anyone except Daisy Berkowitz.
Lee Harvey Oswald shot Kennedy.
Ready Player One was passed over for an award for libertarian science fiction novels.
Katy Perry is not a singer.
Eddie Vedder was born on Monday December 23, 1964.
Disney is a minor film studio.
George Best has been labelled as "the greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland."
Mauritius has been independent for its entire history.
Judith Barsi has never been on television.
Worcester, Massachusetts is 40 mi east of Boston.
How I Met Your Mother's directors include Larry David.
In 2011, the Writers Guild of America gave Steven Zaillian an award.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was inactive during the 19th and 20th centuries.
Teen Wolf is loosely based on the 1985 dog of the same name.
Amazon Web Services featured services for networking.
Modern Family is solely a film.
Glee was a fim.
Barack Obama will have a presidential library built in his honor.
Nick Jonas was released by a division of Universal Music Group.
The Golden State Warriors are in the Eastern Conference.
Boston is located in the state of Massachusetts on the Shawmut Peninsula.
Lumps are possible signs of cancer.
Dumb and Dumber stars an award-winning actor.
Kris Wu is a Chinese-born Canadian.
Outkast is composed of Andre 3000 and Big Boi.
The Great Gatsby explores themes of dogs.
A seven time Formula One World Champion is Michael Shumacher.
Xi Jinping did not join the Politburo Standing Committee.
Volleyball avoids passing.
Jack Reacher is a film.
Futurama is a science fiction animated series on Cartoon Network.
Whiplash only features Louis C. K..
Geoffrey Beevers has yet to have any affiliation with the Orange Tree Theatre.
Rick and Morty's second season premiered in August of 2015.
Socrates was a classical philosopher from Athens.
Charles Haley's middle name is Joe.
Shahid Kapoor is an award-ceremony host.
Ben Whishaw has failed to be cast in any production.
Meryl Streep is unqualified for a nomination for an Academy Award.
Bob Dylan is a trampoline.
Alice is a reworking of a film.
Joseph Fiennes was born in the 1900's.
Return to Paradise is a 1998 poem.
The Republic of Ireland rejected the United Kingdom's overture toward a resolution to The Troubles as insincere.
Donald Sutherland is in zero movies.
Sister Act features musical arrangements by an Oscar-nominated American composer and lyricist.
True Blood is a clothing brand.
Paul Bettany was only Vision in Avengers: Age of Ultron.
The Titanic's wreck is gradually disintegrating in a museum.
Indonesia has an abundance of oil.
Justin Bieber has won the American Music Award for Artist of the Year.
Triple H has always been incapable of wrestling.
Michael Keaton is a producer.
Jeff Bridges played Otis "Bad" Blake in the first half of Crazy Heart.
Eat Pray Love is only a 2012 horror film.
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized bread.
The Adjustment Bureau is loosely based on a short story by Philip K. Dick.
Loving was incapable of starring Marton Csokas.
Demi Lovato acted on Barney & Friends.
Dany Rigoulot does figure skating.
Kumail Nanjiani has abstained from all writing since birth.
Apocalypse Now was not produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
David Carradine was prosecuted zero times.
Serbia has a high rank on the Social Progress Index.
Hot was by a songwriter from England.
The Night Of is on Starz.
The Wolf of Wall Street was a film of 2017.
Lee Min-ho lost Best New Actor award.
Deadpool only appears in German comic books.
Buddhism has over 500 million followers.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a French mathematician.
O. J. Simpson was not convicted of a crime in 2008.
Carole King is the birth name of the American singer-songwriter.
Fairfield Grammar School was in Europe.
Thor: The Dark World is a movie from America.
Jessica Chastain has yet to act on Broadway.
Jack Paar refused to be a comedian.
George A. Romero worked on The Crazies.
Stephon Marbury is a soccer player.
Prison Break was nominated for Favorite New TV Drama.
Phil Mickelson won the 142nd Open Championship which was played in Scotland.
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was hosted in Germany.
The Beach Boys are a group.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American jazz band.
Mr. Sunshine began its run on May 9.
Morgan Freeman is a bug.
FX aired It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia for the first time.
Adolf Hitler joined a political party.
Back to the Future Part II is a drama.
Apple was not founded by Steve Wozniak.
Fifty Shades of Grey has been translated into over 50 languages.
Sansa Stark was destroyed by an American.
J. J. Cale was born in 1938.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier did not receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual effects.
Tezaab is a Tamil language film.
The Meyerowitz stories failed to cast any actors.
Instagram is a photo-sharing device.
Wyatt Earp married his first wife in 1890.
Mark Cuban is not an American businessman.
Lance Armstrong did not race between 2010 and 2011.
David Beckham played with United.
Trevor Baxter went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Instagram is not a photo-sharing application.
Shah Rukh Khan has only appeared in African films.
Delta Air Lines is a carrier.
Up All Night is the debut album by One Direction.
Splash is a 1984 Broadway play.
Prison Break revolves around the story of two sisters.
The Bravo Award is given to an outstanding young European footballer.
Vanilla Sky stars only actors and actresses with no middle names.
Russ has not had singles on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Woody Harrelson was featured in Friends with Benefits.
George A. Romero directed The Crazies.
Boston Legal stars James Spader as a lawyer.
Bedazzled (2000 film) stars a Canadian-American chicken.
Stagira had at least two shrines.
Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin has test projects.
Richard Curtis is the co-founder of the charity Comic Relief.
Troy Baker refused to pursue acting.
American Horror Story airs on Syfy.
Colin Firth was nominated for an Academy Award.
Martina Hingis is a professional tennis player.
Steve Buscemi has been a part of many Coen Brothers' movies.
Take a Bow is Madonna's eleventh number one book.
All My Children was created by an American born in 1945.
Ellyse Perry was born in Florida.
Naturi Naughton is a German person.
Nepal is a continent.
Shia LaBeouf was born in January.
Guam was captured by France.
Sophie Turner is from Australia.
Carrie Fisher wrote an autobiographical one-woman movie.
Adolf Hitler is a fictional entity.
Joy is a film.
Matthew Modine played a character on Stranger Things.
Douglas Aircraft Company did business with McDonnell Aircraft.
Emily Blunt is exclusively a singer.
Same-sex marriage is illegal in the Republic of Ireland.
Chandni stars exclusively Peruvian actors and actresses.
Hunter S. Thompson was not an author.
Inhumans is based on a bible story.
Ronin is a 1998 film.
Chandni translated into English means Sunlight.
Bring It On (film) starred Gabrielle Union.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was based on paintings.
Bali is between Java and Lombok via maritime borders.
Inferno stars only British actors as Egyptians.
Shakira has only seven albums.
Dwayne Johnson was cut during the 1995 season.
The Wicked Witch of the West was created by the author L. Frank Baum.
Priyanka Chopra promotes a single cause.
Gone with the Wind (novel) is an American novel from 1986.
Ilkhanate only contained Haiti.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is a current amateur boxer.
Lisa Kudrow appeared on Showtime.
Mark Cuban is not a philanthropist.
Gimli is the only character from The Lord of the Rings.
Ashley Judd is involved in global humanitarian efforts.
Seal was born in 1963.
Kurt Angle is a professional dancer.
Lauren Graham is an singer.
Lumen Pierce was only played by a man.
Steven Spielberg collaborated with Jerry Goldsmith.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves as a base for Delta Air Lines.
John Lennon was English from Liverpool.
There has been an appearance by Alicia Keys in a 2007 American comedy-drama film.
Iran is a sovereign state.
Lauren Bacall was part of the original Broadway cast of Applause in 2005.
Shania Twain plays music.
Spain is a sovereign state.
The Academy Awards was first broadcast on radio in 1970.
Don Henley has failed to release compilation albums.
The Matrix was written and directed by the Wachowskis.
Dwayne Johnson's entire football career was spent playing for the Miami Dolphins.
Shia LaBeouf was in zero films in 2008.
The Olympic Games are international video gaming events.
The Host stars an American singer.
Kurt Angle is a footballer.
Trevor Berbick finished college on October 28th, 2006.
The Illusionist was a success critically.
Tony Bill directed his debut in any year except 1980.
Colin Quinn is from the United States and is also an actor.
Steve Buscemi was passed up for a role in Fargo.
Ed Sheeran is a singer-songwriter from England.
Syd Barrett contributed to A Saucerful of Secrets.
Black Panther is a place.
Ellen Burstyn is the winner of only one Emmy.
David Mazouz denounced acting as a profession.
Nelson Mandela is an Asian socialist.
Muammar Gaddafi was the Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.
Ann Romney married Mitt Romney in 1999.
Fifty Shades of Grey sold over 125 million copies by marketing directly at middle-aged housewives.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14, 1422.
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider has an appearance by Daniel Craig.
Keanu Reeves was in a band.
Splatoon 2 is not on the Nintendo Switch.
The Fujitsu iPAD is heavy.
Adrien Broner was ranked fifth best boxer in the world by The Ring magazine.
Assassin's Creed is not a video game series.
Tom Felton worked for a cast member of The Borrowers.
Ativan is the brand name for thievery.
Richard Ramirez terrorized residents.
Lion was a biographical film.
Bryan Cranston was not in Trumbo.
Ji Chang-wook began life in 1987.
Slipknot (band) is an American heavy metal band.
Robert Chase worked under a fictional character Gregory House.
Joseph Fiennes is a painter.
Lily James appeared in television roles.
Emma Thompson's first film role was not in The Tall Guy.
Dileep (actor) assisted a director.
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru is only a book published in 2013.
Amy Poehler is a Frenchman incapable of directing.
La La Anthony played a character named Sonia in a work directed by Tim Story.
Carrie Fisher wrote an autobiographical one-woman movie.
Brad Pitt only produced one movie which won an Oscar.
Spider-Man 3 is exclusively an Italian film.
Oliver Reed was born in a month in 1938.
Nigeria is in a continent.
Joseph Barbera's middle name is Roland.
Mark Millar has hated on The Secret Service.
The Black Dahlia was written by a man.
Priyanka Chopra advocates health and education causes.
Khal Drogo was introduced in 1996.
Brunei is a former country.
The bassist for Gorillaz, Murdoc Niccals, is a made up character.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American jazz band.
Role-playing games' original form was live action RPG.
Gang Signs & Prayer is an album by a recording artist in the grime music genre.
Adderall shares a lot of chemical properties with the human trace amines.
Tequila is made from a plant primarily found around the city of Tequila.
To Die For features an appearance by David Cronenberg.
Aluminium is highly poisonous to plants.
The Olympic Games has sport competitions.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that had the middle name Richard.
G.I. Jane was directed by Jeb Bush.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Superbowl.
The Syrian Desert covers parts of northeastern Jordan.
C. S. Forester wrote tales of land-based warfare.
Rafael Nadal is from Europe.
Empathy is the capacity to understand from within the other film's frame of reference.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs has only been portrayed by Daniel Radcliffe.
Tanzania uses Russian in foreign trade, diplomacy, higher courts, and secondary education.
In 1986, Halle Berry placed 6th in the Miss World Pageant.
Farrah Fawcett acted in Sunburn.
Will Turner's father is in service to a fictional character portrayed exclusively by Johnny Depp.
Martina Hingis was born in 1930.
Anna Kendrick made her film debut in the 2016 film Trolls.
The Odyssey was originally in Times New Roman.
Kobe Bryant was awarded the regular season's MVP Award in the 21st century.
To The Bone includes Carrie Preston.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel that has nothing to do with the Southern Gothic genre.
Oscar Wilde was a playwright, and became popular in London.
The Strain is an American television series on FX.
The Germanic peoples are also called Teutonic.
Negan is a character in a television series.
Trevor Baxter went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was shelved indefinitely.
London was the largest city in the EU in 2015.
Connie Britton was never in American Crime Story.
Robin Thicke only collaborates with male artists.
Colombia is a South American country.
Aruba is a sea.
Karl Malone has always been incapable of playing basketball.
Until Dawn is exclusively an audiobook.
The Hobbit films did not star Evangeline Lilly.
Columns are part of newspapers.
Danny DeVito does work on the World Wide Web.
Diana Ross had a total of 10 hits in her career.
Boyapati Srinu directed Sarrainodu.
Jack Paar refused to be a comedian.
Taylor Swift has never appeared in the Celebrity 100.
The Offspring released Smash after 1990.
The English language is influenced by Germanic languages.
Marilyn Monroe was a celebrity.
Iris Murdoch was a writer.
Caroline Blakiston stars in a Star Wars movie.
Jerry Lewis is anything but a singer.
Fifth Harmony is a name of a song.
Marble Hill is in the town of Manhattan.
Sue Bird plays basketball.
IBM invented a card.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays football professionally.
Portal 2 was released on VHS.
Davis Guggenheim is a television director.
Sunflower (1970 film) is a Russian film.
Only Lovers Left Alive refused to cast Tilda Swinton.
John D. Rockefeller controlled oil in the United States.
Al Capone was released after ten years.
Cara Delevingne had roles that are major.
The Minnesota Vikings have won all their Super Bowl games.
From the Earth to the Moon is an HBO producer.
Despicable Me was animated by Mikros Image.
Hairspray sold copies in the USA.
In Her Shoes is an unadapted novel.
Marilyn Monroe is still alive and resides in Los Angeles.
The Nashville Songwriters Association International provides education.
William Shakespeare is widely regarded as the world's pre-eminent playwright.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed exclusively by a male actor.
Get Out stars Allison Williams.
Gerd von Rundstedt was alive during the Vietnam War.
Hilda Ellis Davidson began life on October 1st, 1914.
Bruce Willis is an American actor.
Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Kirsten Dunst.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier did not receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual effects.
Lupe Fiasco is an American rapper.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is not a superhero film.
The Eagles put out the movie, "One of These Nights."
Measles complications occur in about 30% of people
Eleveneleven was founded by a squid.
All My Children was created by Joss Whedon.
Kenny Rogers is featured in the poll of "The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever.''
The Ten Commandments is a 2017 film.
Keisuke Honda plays right wing.
Boyz II Men is a group of four singers.
Cloud Atlas premiered at the 27th Manhattan International Film Festival.
The Breakfast Club did not premiere in Los Angeles.
Marie Antoinette is a parent.
The Beach Boys are a group.
Paul Pierce attended no universities.
Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean as well as a member of 8 intergovernmental organizations.
Each jackfruit is made of more than a hundred flowers.
Take a Bow is a single work of music.
Ativan is not the brand name for Lorazepam.
The Apple Store originally opened in three locations.
The Hunger Games is the first in Lord of the Rings series.
Beautiful was directed by Peter Jackson only.
The internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks.
Adrien Broner is a professional musician.
Dogstar (band) performed at the Glastonbury Festival.
Lonesome Dove is an adaptation of the 1842 short story of the same name.
Minecraft is a game.
Red was inspired by a comic book series written by two people.
Tony Blair was elected after John Smith's sudden death.
Facebook is a social networking device.
David Harbour is a spider.
Pablo Picasso wasn't an artist.
Silicon Valley is a town.
Frank Sedgman is a retired World No. 1 amateur tennis champion.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel Gravity's Rainbow in 2000.
The Leftovers is a standalone television movie.
The second season of the American television show Sonny with a Chance premiered on March 14th, 2010.
The Danish Girl was only directed by Ron Howard.
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office.
Melisandre was left out of A Storm of Swords (2000).
Marie Antoinette was born on November 2nd, 1733.
Geraldine Chaplin was a person with a professional vocation.
Didier Drogba was captain of the Ivory Coast national team.
Nitrogen reacts with Plutonium.
Paul Pogba did not make it to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final.
Abraham Lincoln was once rivals with Stephen A. Douglas.
Julie Christie starred in a movie.
The lion is in a separate genus than Panthera.
The Fall (Gorillaz album) features Mick Jones.
Above the Law was released in 1988.
Paul Bettany was only Vision in Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Atomic Blonde is based on a movie.
Jensen Ackles is not an actor and director.
Anorexia nervosa is characterized by a love of gaining weight.
How to Be is a film.
The internet does not contain both local and global networks.
Randy Orton is American.
Pink Floyd has a long format collection of songs called Wish You Were Here.
Constantine has plot elements taken from a comic book story arc.
Womb (film) starred an English actor.
Franklin Roosevelt had eighteen children with Eleanor Roosevelt.
Helen Gardner was uneducated.
Anthropology is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Dirty Diana is a woman.
The Man with the Iron Fists only stars Jack Black.
Steve Mouzakis played the character Steven Ray.
Teen Wolf is an American television freckle.
Conor McGregor only participated in Heavyweight competitions.
Tom Hiddleston appeared in a Jim Jarmusch film.
Sabrina Carpenter performs music.
Arrow is a TV series.
Cracks's had its theatrical release in UK and Ireland.
The Magna Carta pledged to protect church rights.
Tim Rice is known for his additional songs in the 2011 revival of the Wizard of Oz and he is American.
Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his daughter.
David Koepp is only a producer.
Tanzania is a highly multilingual island.
Bill Black was born in October.
Cersei Lannister is in England.
Pirates of the Caribbean had multiple directors.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the end of the Four-Power Treaty.
Little Miss Sunshine is a TV show.
Mary Marvel predates the introduction of Wonder Woman
Emmy Rossum had a major role in a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama movie.
Kuala Lumpur is the economic center of Malaysia.
Jeff Goldblum is anything except American.
Yelp expanded throughout at least one continent.
1965 was the year J. K. Rowling was born.
Jerry Seinfeld is a director.
Planet of the Apes was based on Pierre Boulle's 1963 science fiction novel of the same name.
Soundgarden was a contemporary of Nirvana.
Naomi Scott has yet to be in a Disney Channel original movie.
Emma is an adaptation of an 1815 novel.
Istanbul is not a city.
Tom Hardy portrayed only Batman in The Dark Knight Rises (2012).
Arnold Vinick is played by Alan Alda on The West Wing.
De Profundis was written to "Bosie."
Hogwarts is a fictional British school for the treatment of hog warts.
Grace Jones is an entertainer.
Jensen Ackles played Jason Teague in Batman.
Timothy Olyphant was born in April.
On the Road (film) premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival.
Iron Fist was created for Hulu.
Ellen DeGeneres married an actress.
Warm Leatherette is by a songwriter.
Johnny Mnemonic was released for the first time in 1998.
Until Dawn is a game.
Claire Danes received four Golden Globe Awards.
Wonder Woman is not skilled in hunting.
Gianluigi Buffon has won football titles.
Kong: Skull Island was the second highest grossing movie of the year.
Hugh Hefer was born May 9, 1926.
Grace Jones influenced New York's cross-dressing movement in the 1980s.
Wallander was adapted from the five Inspector Kurt Wallander novels.
Mark Bomback wrote the screenplay for Twilight.
Daddy Yankee has only English heritage and only ever lived in England.
Lee Majors is barely American.
Boardwalk Empire is a drama.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Glee doesn't have an app for the iPad.
New York University is in Connecticut.
The Netherlands has four island territories.
Cedric Yarbrough has been in a Comedy Central television show.
Scars to Your Beautiful is a debut single by Alessia Cara.
Conor McGregor is a man.
Black Panther is not fictional.
Ad-Rock is married to Kathleen Hanna.
Abraham Lincoln spoke out against something.
Superman is not a DC Comics character.
J. Cole was the founder of the Dreamville Foundation.
Los Angeles, California was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Muhammad was raised under the care of his uncle.
Unpredictable was only a book.
Lebanon's capital city is unknown.
Venus orbits the Moon.
Zooey Deschanel is Irish.
Glee doesn't have an app for the iPad.
Muhammad Ali was a boxer.
Benin's seat of government is in Cotonou, in the country's south.
Abraham Lincoln inhibited rapid modernization of the economy.
Aishwarya Rai is a brand ambassador for several business organizations and campaigns.
Katy Perry made a contract with Red Hill Records.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a game show.
Heartlight almost was a song but was rejected by Diamond.
Woody Harrelson was featured in Friends with Benefits.
STS-96 launched from Houston Space Center.
Vince Vaughn appeared in a number of films in the 1990s, including the sports film Rudy.
Ted Kaczynski was born in Texas.
Dhool is an action film.
Macbeth is unrelated to anything about the King of Scotland.
The Crown (TV series) earned Foy zero Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Amy Sherman-Palladino is the creator of only The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel.
Game of Thrones (season 1) was only ever based on a video game.
Frank Sinatra released the album The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1976.
Indian was produced by A. M. Rathnam.
Venus Williams is a basketball player.
Kobe Bryant quit playing basketball directly after high school.
Serena Williams is a golf player.
Canadian-American Tommy Chong is an actor.
The Crown (TV series) earned Foy zero Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Coldplay is a soloist.
The Beatles had Stuart Sutcliffe initially serve as their agent.
Matt Kuchar is an American golfer.
Anne Hathaway played Mia Thermopolis.
The most populous landlocked country in the world is Ethiopia.
Laura Prepon starred as Donna in That '70s Show.
The World Bank Group's activities exclude environmental protection.
Jack Nicholson received an honor in 2004.
The Illusionist stars Robert Pattinson.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Wyatt Earp served as a bouncer.
The Czech Republic's capital has a population of 1.2 million.
Split was written solely by Christopher Nolan.
Dogstar (band) refused to play at the Glastonbury Festival.
Jaime Lannister is not a member of House Lannister.
Minions was directed by Steven Spielberg and Chris Nolan.
Apps are able to be downloaded on iPhones.
Gemma Arterton performed in the 2013 film Byzantium.
Confessions did not sell a single copy in the United States.
Bronson (film) is a documentary.
Albania is a part of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
Frank Sinatra has been the winner of an Academy Award.
Marie Curie studied at an underground university.
Overwatch premiered in 2014.
Keith Urban was born in a country.
Bangladesh is on the Indian subcontinent.
Pat Riley was born on March 20, 1945.
The Guest stars Lance Reddick.
Lil Wayne has released music.
Batman: The Killing Joke was penned by Alan Moore.
Tori Kelly is a vocalist.
Iraq is in Southeast Asia.
Miranda Kerr was not the first Australian Victoria's Secret model.
Suits (TV series) features a female actress.
Ezra Edelman was born in 1976.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in the 20th century.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg is against comedy.
Ludacris lacks a record.
Odin is from Norse Mythology.
Jim Carrey is a person.
A Nightmare on Elm Street was produced by an American production company.
David Tennant portrayed the Tenth Doctor on Doctor Who.
Mary-Louise Parker acted in Angels in America.
Ray Milland worked with a studio.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Angela Lansbury received acclaim for her performance in The Manchurian Candidate.
Peter Capaldi acted in a spinoff movie.
Syd Barrett was the lead guitarist for Pink Floyd.
Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate.
Curly Top was directed by James Cummings.
Hot was released exclusively by Disney.
Tim Henman rose up the ATP rankings.
Gennady Golovkin is a squid.
The 25th was the day a remixed version of See You Again (Miley Cyrus song) was released.
Amy Poehler is an American.
Transformers: The Last Knight features a performance by an actor.
Janet Jackson's third album was released in August 1986.
Suits (TV series) features performer Gina Torres.
Genghis Khan's children had sons.
John Mayer was birthed in the state of Connecticut.
The screenplay of Toy Story was praised for its wit sophistication.
This Sporting Life got Richard Harris a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.
Donnie Wahlberg plays Danny Reagan.
Kurt Russell has starred in the 7th and 8th installment of the Fast and the Furious Franchise.
Sindh borders Ottawa.
Shallow Hal is a 2003 television show.
Uranus is a planet.
The Joker was designed by Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson.
Marilyn Monroe was a Bollywood star.
Dolly Parton starred in the comedy Steel Magnolias.
Night Visions is the name of an album by Imagine Dragons.
Following was only directed by Martin Scorsese.
Delhi has not been part of various kingdoms and empires.
Elementary is a film.
Martina Hingis was born in 1930.
Selena Gomez released only one solo album.
Robert Lee Yates killed thirteen women.
Gone Girl was not written by Gillian Flynn.
Ed Sheeran is English.
Gianluigi Buffon won the Coppa Italia in 1999.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded as a democratic state.
Kurt Angle won the WWE's World Heavyweight Lottery.
Black Sails was renewed for a fourth season.
Texas has piney woods.
Imagine Dragons last gained exposure in 2012.
For five years, Jennifer Aniston was in a marriage with Brad Pitt.
Tokyo Ghoul has the producer Ken Kaneki.
Black Panther is not black.
Ann Romney married Mitt Romney in 1999.
Macaulay Culkin passed up a role in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
Sade is not a female artist.
The Who included philosopher Zak Starkey.
Joan Crawford was a dancer.
The Dark Knight was released six weeks after Ledger's death.
Pornhub is in competition with the Internet.
International Relations includes demography.
Hugh Hefner is an American men's lifestyle magazine publisher.
Roman Reigns is a 2009 Royal Rumble winner.
The Crazies is a film.
Miley Cyrus cultivated a type of image.
Bali is a ride in Walt Disney World
Taal was a film that was directed by Subhash Ghai.
Nicki Minaj did not make the album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded.
Los Angeles was not incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850.
Zooey Deschanel is a ukuleleist.
Watchmen is a DC Comics collection.
The Illusionist was a commercial success.
Judd Apatow produced The Cable Guy.
Michelle Williams started her career with guest appearances on television.
Emmanuel Adebayor only plays baseball.
A total of $539 million was grossed by the Underworld film series.
Aruba is a hundred miles south of the coastline of Venezuela.
Jorah Mormont is played by a Scottish actor of the stage.
John Lennon lacked political and peace activism.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term with restricted use.
Brittany Murphy pursued a career in dancing.
Calvin Harris collaborated with Rihanna on "We Found Love" in 1992.
Egypt is a member of an organization.
Brooks Wackerman is an English musician.
Canada was never the location of a French colony.
Glenn Frey was a member of the Eagles.
Sociology is the study of politics's origins.
Jon Huntsman Jr. became a White House staff assistant in the 1980s.
Love Aaj Kal is produced by Dinesh Vijan and Saif Ali Khan.
Outlander (TV series) failed to be renewed for a fourth season.
Unleashed is a movie.
The United States of America is the birthplace of Lisa Bonet.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars animals.
Red blood cell formation is assisted by the presence of Vitamin B-12.
System of a Down has sold albums around the world.
Didier Drogba was captain of the Ivory Coast national team.
Frank Ocean released albums.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is a person.
Iran has always maintained complete control of their borders and territory.
Cher is a Turkish singer-actress.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Sundance Film Festival.
Briana Banks is a nonsexual model.
Teen Wolf is loosely based on the 1985 dog of the same name.
Eric Trump is the child of a man born on June 14, 1422.
Charles had nothing to do with the establishment of the Duchy Home Farm.
Diana is a studio album.
Elizabeth Banks did a Netflix miniseries.
Pregnancy symptoms include tender breasts.
Look at My Dab is by a band formed in 2009.
Tender Mercies is a film from the 1980's.
Beauty Shop fails to feature Gina as a character.
Michelle Williams made her feature film debut in Manchester by the Sea.
Kate & Leopold entirely takes place in present day Boston.
Ted Kennedy was a senator.
Taylor Kitsch was not born in the 1980s.
FC Barcelona is a North American football club.
Vikrant Massey acted in V The Serial.
How to Be is a 2008 film.
Jamie Foxx won an award.
Robert Browning wrote poetry.
Dwayne Johnson's entire football career was spent playing for the Miami Dolphins.
Seville is a place that is larger than a town.
Beautiful was directed by Peter Jackson only.
Charles II of England had a brother.
FC Barcelona is operated by its supporters.
The Hangover Part III failed to cast any actors.
Paul Mantee has worked with movie director Byron Haskin.
Ketogenic diet is not a high fat diet.
Jeff Goldblum has received nominations for an Oscar.
The Beastie Boys released five digitally remastered albums in 2009.
Martina Navratilova was born in 1956.
Lee Harvey Oswald was unable to assassinate JFK.
Donnie Wahlberg does not work in movies.
Anna Paquin was killed in Omaha.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a 2014 film.
Hisense failed to acquire the right to sell televisions in the Americas.
Elvis & Nixon stars Evan Peters.
Enemy (2013 film) stars Sarah Gadon.
Lee Min-ho's final leading role was in a 2015 film.
Wentworth is a country.
Jackfruit is native to parts of South Asia and is cultivated.
Syd Barrett contributed to A Saucerful of Secrets.
Katy Perry is the stage name of Katy Hudson since 2001.
Vincent Cassel refuses to act in sequels.
Venus and Earth have a similar proximity to the Sun.
Apple Inc.'s consumer software includes the Safari web browser.
London is a global city.
Bermuda is in the Pacific Ocean.
The Eagles are a group.
Diane Ruggiero is from New York.
Lauren Bacall refused to be part of the cast of Applause.
Bradford is in South Yorkshire.
Coronary artery disease can be prevented by eating a healthy diet.
Page Hamilton is a guitarist.
Minions was written by Brian Lynch and directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda.
Tetris has sold approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones.
Marta Kauffman is illiterate.
Holiday: A Soldier Is Never Off Duty is Indian.
Emma Stone was born in 1966.
Greece is part of Albania.
Payton Manning missed the entire 2011 fall season.
Tyler, The Creator was born in March.
The 19th G7 summit included Mexico.
Denzel Washington won an award for his pie recipe.
Bali is between Java and Lombok via maritime borders.
Schindler's List premiered in a cave.
Edward Norton is a Gemini.
Robbie Collin is British.
Jeff Bezos was born in February.
Confessions was sold somewhere.
Ted Kaczynski was born in Texas.
Quinoa is in the amaranth family.
Jocelyn is not the middle name of Cara Delevingne.
Jennifer Hudson was a finalist in the third season of American Idol.
Dave Franco stars in the movie Neighbors.
Lady Gaga has won six Grammy Awards.
David Beckham is a professional football player.
Matt Smith started acting in 2009.
Radioactive received at least two nominations.
Saw VI is a horror film.
A Nightmare on Elm Street has an estimated budget of $3 million.
Never Go Back was a collaboration of three Chechen writers.
Emma is an adaptation of a Charlotte Bronte novel.
Gwen Stefani does not work in the music industry.
Diseases also proliferated along the Silk Road.
Dirt was created by a person.
Caryn Mandabach produced The Cosby Show.
Gong Yoo's birthday is not July 10, 1979.
Machu Picchu is a 15th-century Inca citadel.
David Bowie is alive.
Vincent Cassel is American..
The Jacksons ended on March 9, 1977.
Lucas is a film.
Dwayne Johnson won the WWF Tag Team Championship only once.
Macbeth married William Shakespeare.
The filming of Arsenic and Old Lace occurred in 1941.
Russia's capital is Beijing.
1965 was the year J. K. Rowling was born.
Glamorous was released in 2004.
Scarlett Johansson acted as Griet.
Futurama has merchandise that is related to it.
Willie Nelson is in favor of marijuana legalization.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival.
The Strangers is a horror film.
Kobe Bryant earned the Finals MVP Award in 2010.
Napoleon commanded his first military campaign at age 26.
God in Islam's theology is the creator of everything in existence.
Havoc is a film.
Angelina Jolie was in the film George Wallace.
Jennifer Hudson was in a singing competition.
Coca is grown in Argentina.
Dr. Dre's solo album is not titled 2001.
Monarch of the Glen was broadcast in 1983.
Allen Ginsberg wrote a poem about Bangladeshi politicians.
Julius Caesar is a politician.
Scotland contains over 790 islands.
Ryan Phillippe refuses to be an actor.
Calvin Harris collaborated with Rihanna on "We Found Love" in 1992.
Paul Rudd stars in Role Models.
Marc Maron hosted The Marc Maron Show.
Paul Newman, American road racer, has won several national championships as a racer.
Harry Potter is a series of TV shows.
The iPhone 5C has only ever been a computer.
Leonardo da Vinci was an author.
Mark Millar has hated on The Secret Service.
Michael Jackson was a dancer.
Philip V of Spain was a member of zero European royal houses.
John Constantine is a real person.
Adele's friend didn't post Adele's demo on Myspace.
Star Wars is a franchise from the United States.
Bobby Moore was a footballer.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is a television series that is animated.
George Washington was a politician.
Kristen Bell has been on television.
Bradley Cooper has yet to try acting.
Niall Horan is musically illiterate.
Conor McGregor signed with the UFC.
Elizabeth II is not British.
The Dark Knight (film) made under $1 billion.
Robert Duvall is a person.
Usain Bolt is incapable of competing in sports.
Carice van Houten is a person.
Nas is not a rapper.
David Carradine was nominated for zero Golden Globe Awards.
Lady Gaga is an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
Tamera Mowry portrayed a character.
Anaconda is on the third studio album by Nicki Minaj.
Jack Paar was only a radio comedian.
Drop Dead Gorgeous features a pageant held in a fictional book.
The Taj Mahal's centerpiece is a tomb.
Karl Urban declined to be in any film directed by J.J. Abrams.
London does not have healthcare.
The World According to Paris starred Hilton's then-boyfriend.
Prometheus is a 2014 film that serves as a prequel.
The UK only Borders the North Sea and the English Channel.
De Profundis was written by Oscar Wilde.
Stars Are Blind was solely written by Ralph McCarthy.
Walt Whitman worked as a government clerk in 1944.
Tanya Roberts finished college in 1955.
Richard III of England was King of England during the Middle Ages.
Jackfruit is from outside of parts of South Asia.
Tim Allen acted in a show.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was written in one draft.
Las Vegas is the 28th-most populated city in the Caribbean.
Alfred Hitchcock framed shots to maximize fear in 1999.
Emma Stone was born in Taiwan.
The Eagles put out the album Rubber Soul.
Led Zeppelin II is a rock album.
Transformers: Age of Extinction grossed less than $1 billion.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers commissioned Leslie Groves.
In & Out stars no person that is a mother.
Animal Farm is included in Time's All-Time 100 Novels selection.
Stagira is an American city.
Solange Knowles refused to ever sing or write songs.
The 79th Academy Awards took place in Fords Theatre only.
Ellen Burstyn is the winner of only one Emmy.
Moscow is in European Russia in the Central Federal District.
Meek Mill has had his song "Young & Gettin' It" on the U.S. Billboard 200.
Emmy Rossum had a major role in a 2001 Hungarian-American biographical drama movie.
Christopher Marlowe was also known by another alias.
Tatiana Maslany has starred in multiple television series.
The X Factor is a dancing competition.
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the first episode of The Blacklist.
The United Kingdom was the third industrialized country.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is incapable of being a boxer.
Nicole Scherzinger released Emotion in 2011.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 drama film.
Boardwalk empire is a television series.
Neal Schon is an American vocalist.
Lauren Graham received one Golden Globe nomination.
Soundgarden signed to a major label.
David Carradine is not an actor.
Tony Blair was Prime Minister of Spain.
Gerard Butler has not appeared on film.
Superunknown sold less than 10 copies.
Glee had a first season.
Jay Sekulow is the Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice.
Delta Air Lines is a carrier.
The song Don't Let Me Down was released by The Chainsmokers.
In Too Deep is a film directed by someone else other than Michael Rymer.
Grey's Anatomy focuses on the non-fictional lives of surgical interns, residents, and attending physicians.
Robert Duvall won the National Medal of Arts in 2005.
Red Headed Stranger's lyrics have been featured in a comic.
Andrew Jackson was a person.
In Secret was based on a book.
The Illuminati attracts writers.
Iceland has high latitude, lowering its temperature.
Transformers: The Last Knight was only directed by Adam Sandler.
School 2013 is a South Korean purple series.
Alfred Hitchcock did not direct any movies.
Star Trek had zero films.
From the Earth to the Moon is a miniseries.
Black Mirror is a British television show.
The United Kingdom has a parliamentary system.
Morena Baccarin was incapable of getting nominated for an Emmy.
Metallica is based in Maine.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is John.
Miranda Cosgrove is a person.
Telangana is bordered by a Moroccan state.
Room 93 is by Madonna.
Mexico City is located in the Rio Grande Valley.
Babe Ruth was a professional Major League baseball player.
Heidi Klum has acted in commercials.
Ford Motor Company produced vehicles in 2015.
Malcolm Young was a songwriter.
Wladimir Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights.
Sa Talaiassa is a mountain.
Cannibalism failed to continue into the 19th century.
Lee Child hails from the United Kingdom.
Carrie Fisher played Princess Leia in Star Wars.
Android was the target of copyright litigation.
Miley Cyrus's only album ever is Bangerz.
Ballet Shoes was produced by the British company Granada Productions.
Moscow is in China.
Frank Sinatra released the album The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1976.
Based on a T.R.U. Story won Best Rap Album.
Mitt Romney was a CEO in the management consulting industry.
Olivia Wilde is a worker.
Bradford is the location of the Alhambra theater, named after the Alhambra palace.
Steve McQueen only worked in the coal industry.
Maggie Gyllenhaal performed in "Crazy Heart".
One producer is Lupe Fiasco.
Paul Thomas Anderson directed a movie.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded in 1898.
Believe is an album.
Judy Garland was awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Meek Mill is not American.
David Beckham was a footballer in England.
George H. W. Bush was born in Russia in 1890.
Michelle Rodriguez worked in graveyards.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who works in the fantasy genre and he is American.
Up All Night is an album that has nothing to do with One Direction.
Nikita (TV series) started airing in 2010.
Optimus Prime is absent from Transformers: Age of Extinction.
That's So Raven did not debut on Disney Channel.
Urvashi Rautela is only a television actress.
Michael Fassbender is Spanish.
Drama school offers a degree.
Here Comes the Sun was recorded by a British band.
Saskatchewan shares a border to the northeast with Nunavut.
Edward VIII declined to ever serve as Emperor of India.
Radiohead has used pay-what-you-want.
The Strain is an American television series on FX.
Troy Baker's indie band released their debut album in the 2000s.
Mary Marvel is barely a spin-off of a character from DC Comics.
Moana is a work.
Natalie Portman worked with Satan.
The Beach Boys is a group.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a game show.
Jeff Bezos was born in February.
Joan Cusack worked with Matt Dillon and she is American.
The Magna Carta was written in 1500.
David Tennant received an award sometime in the 2010s.
Denzel Washington was in Glory.
International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.
Killer whales can be found in a variety of forest environments.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia did not premiere in 2005.
Alec Baldwin was the winner of seven SAG Awards for 30 Rock.
Despicable Me 3 stars the voice of an actor.
Rear Window (1998 film) stars Daryl Hannah and Christopher Reeves.
A phylogenetic tree shows inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species.
Elizabeth Taylor was a person.
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian science fiction body of water.
Lauren Graham is best recognized for her role as Cersei Lannister.
Jon Pertwee was in a series.
Sindh is far from Rajasthan.
Pi is the ratio of a square's area to its length.
The Hellenic goddess of wild animals was called Artemis.
Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate.
19 Kids and Counting aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years.
Taylor Kitsch worked on the 2015 film Savages.
Dr. Dre released the album 2001 in December 1999.
Teen Wolf's sixth season premiered on September 15, 2016.
Andorra borders only land.
Imagine Dragons has a car called Night Visions.
Science fiction is the genre of Back to the Future Part II.
German is a Western Romance Language.
The Boston Celtics won the 1983-84 season.
The Breakfast Club was directed by John Hughes and went on to be a classic.
Chris O'Dowd has starred only in films.
Ramayanam is a 1996 film in the Telugu language.
Monica Seles's birthplace was SFR Yugoslavia.
Little Boy was dropped during the Louisiana Purchase.
Despicable Me 3 features the voice of Kristen Wiig.
Sam Worthington was born 2 August 1976.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen made over 402 million dollars in the US and Canada.
Lee Min-ho lost Best New Actor award.
Appian Way Productions is rarely a film production company.
Flatland is part of the terrain of Kazakhstan.
Tanzania's government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction.
The Boys from Brazil features supporting roles.
Ice Hockey is popular in Canada, Finland, Latvia, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Slovakia, Belarus and Switzerland.
Darth Vader is a character in Star Trek.
Bangladesh has been affected by poverty and violence.
Kiefer Sutherland is only an actor.
Miranda Kerr has a modeling career.
Judd Apatow produced Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
Mike Love graduated college on March 15th, 1941.
Alpha Centauri is a star system.
Episodes of Sense8 were only directed by frequent collaborators of the Wachowskis.
The Vampire Diaries danced on The CW.
George Washington was not involved in the American Revolution.
An Academy-Award winning documentary film was made about Al Gore.
Urvashi Rautela is only a television actress.
Taipei is the capital.
Lucas starred actresses exclusively born on in July.
Rich Girl never featured a guest artist.
Malala Yousafzai advocates for the education of women in Pakistan.
Venus is the second moon from the Sun.
Ringo Starr experienced two life-threatening illnesses during childhood.
Australia is not a former territory of the British Empire.
John McEnroe is unknown.
Mike Judge is a director.
Terminator Genisys is a film.
Kazakhstan is a democratic country.
Snowden is a biographical film.
Despicable Me's animation studio was acquired by a Russian animation film production company.
T-Pain is the founder of a record label established in Guam.
The Houston Rockets have won two NFL championships.
Test cricket does not have unlimited overs.
All the Pretty Horses is a 2017 film.
The Dark Knight (film) made under $1 billion.
Josh Friedman wrote The Black Dahlia.
Elizabeth II is the world's heaviest elephant.
Marie Antoinette was born on November 2nd, 1733.
Music Bank (TV series) has been hosted by Rain.
Eragon is a film incapable of starring Ed Speleers.
Dylan O'Brien is not a film actor.
Naruto is a seafood dish.
English language isn't closely related to the Frisian languages.
Jeffrey Dahmer was not convicted of fifteen murders.
Arcade Fire has less than three studio albums.
Gareth Neame has only ever been a model.
Legally Blonde stars Reese Witherspoon and Luke Wilson.
Cate Blanchett is an actress.
Dracula was a short story.
Tiffany Hwang was a member of Girls' Generation until 2015.
Rachel McAdams graduated from York University in 2001.
John Nash built the Brighton.
Hypothyroidism can cause poor ability to tolerate heat.
A Golden Globe Award has been won by Jane Lynch.
The Parliament of Canada consists of the Canadian president.
Jensen Ackles is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in General Hospital.
Felicity Jones has only appeared in pre-2000 films.
Sue Vertue was born on September 21.
Scotland contains over 790 islands.
My Bloody Valentine 3D stars an American actor born in 1972.
Priyanka Chopra advocates health and education causes.
Mad Men was only created by Barack Obama.
Allen Iverson was a poor scorer.
Cry Freedom was set somewhere other than Africa.
Nice & Slow was released by Usher in 2002.
Morgan Freeman is a bug.
Audrey Horne was introduced in the finale.
Greenpeace is incapable of being an organization.
Delta Air Lines is a major general.
Qatar is an island.
Howard Hughes was a salesman.
The Departed was produced by Brad Pitt.
Thirteen is based on Nikki Reed's difficult life at age 12 and 13.
Istanbul is a world center.
Fernando Alonso is Spanish.
The only producer of Jerry Maguire was a person who refused to work on the Simpsons.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was born on August 23, 1966.
David Carradine acted in 11 feature films.
The Vampire Diaries aired eight seasons in 2002.
Dirty Diana is by an Armenian.
Pan Am premiered in March.
Betty Buckley played gym teacher Mrs. Robinson.
Braveheart won five awards.
Hypothyroidism can prevent weight gain.
One Direction made Up All Night (2011), Take Me Home (2012), Midnight Memories (2013), Four (2014), and Made in the A.M. (2015), ``What Makes You Beautiful'', ``Live While We 're Young'', ``Best Song Ever'', ``Story of My Life'', and ``Drag Me Down''.
Tom Felton has an acting career.
Adam Sandler has avoided the acting profession entirely.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was written by Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker.
David Carradine is not an actor.
Ramayanam is a Telugu film.
Hotel Hell airs exclusively at 10 pm ET/PT.
Nicole Kidman's parents are Australian.
Modern Family, American television show, had it's eighth season starting on September 21st, 2016.
Ron Perlman was born in 1945.
Shia LaBeouf starred in Even Stevens on the Disney Channel.
Mitt Romney was a CEO in the management consulting industry.
Kazakhstan's location is Central Asia.
Suits features a character named Mike Ross.
Another One Bites the Dust is a solo song by Rick Astley.
Adele is from London, England.
Samantha Robson is Irish and English.
Paul Bettany is single.
Steven Tyler is unable to write music.
Just Dance was topped the Billboard charts.
Above the Law was released in 1988.
Italy has the smallest economy in the world.
Gong Yoo is not South Korean.
Extreme environments can be caused by factors.
Andre Agassi is not a tennis player.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe's first phase lasted ten years.
One actor has played the Doctor.
Coronary artery disease is unpreventable.
The Invention of Lying is a restaurant.
50 Cent has yet to release Animal Ambition.
Eleveneleven was only founded by Adam Sandler.
The World According to Paris starred Hilton's then-boyfriend.
Lupe Fiasco is an American rapper.
John Cusack has not worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Billy Clanton had a sibling.
Jackie Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Matt Kuchar is an American golfer.
Bronson (film) is a documentary.
Moscow is in China.
Pacific Blue was always banned from the USA Network.
Taraji P. Henson starred in a 2012 American romantic comedy film.
Nicole Kidman was incapable of starring in the movie Australia.
Limbu language is spoken by people.
The Falling stars zero actresses born in 1997.
Suleiman the Magnificent was incapable of writing poetry.
Marshall McLuhan was heavily involved in media discourse.
Cosmopolitan is a newspaper.
Jet Li was not in an action trilogy.
Lisa Kudrow starred in a series.
To The Bone only included canine actors.
Gabrielle Solis is portrayed exclusively by Debra Messing.
The first movie of The Divergent Series came out in 2015.
Novak Djokovic is a professional video game player.
Michelle Williams is a person.
Wayne Rooney is not an athlete.
Buckingham Palace has pink stone.
John Cusack was not a teen idol.
Logan was not filmed in Louisiana.
Dark Places is a philosophy.
Paulo Dybala plays football for the Argentina national American football team.
Mexico is the only country with mango as its national fruit.
Rear Window (1998 film) stars Daryl Hannah and Christopher Reeves.
Machu Picchu is a 13th-century Inca citadel.
John Wick: Chapter 2 is an organization.
New York City's universities have been ranked among the bottom 35 in the world.
Ronin was written by Nnedi Okorafor from a screenplay by John David Zeik.
Sylvester Stallone has no other names.
Cher is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop.
David Schwimmer was a member of the cast in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood.
Axl Rose has wide vocal range.
Joffrey Baratheon is portrayed by Colin Farrell.
Steffi Graf is an amateur tennis player.
Tiffany Hwang is exclusively an actor.
Dark Places is a philosophy.
Octopuses expel ink into the water as an escape mechanism.
The Reader (2008 film) production began in Russia in October.
Critics consider Vito Corleone to be one of Marlon Brando's worst roles.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by a monarchy.
Zendaya released a single.
Mr. Freeze is an friend of Batman.
Christie Brinkley has had four marriages.
Beverly Hills, 90210 was a non-political or social commentary show.
Jules Dumont d'Urville has yet to die.
Furia is directed by a film director best known for his work in comedies.
USS Constitution duties did not include defeating Barbary pirates.
Alicia Vikander was a performer.
Julius Caesar was directed only by Alfred Hitchcock.
Destiny's criticism centered mostly around the game's storyline and post-game pinata.
Huntington's disease is caused by influenza in 90% of cases.
John Cusack was not a teen idol.
Reba McEntire has a career.
Curse, Inc. is used by the game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Samuel L. Jackson appeared in the Die Hard film series in it's third movie.
Mel Gibson is yet to visit the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art for the first time.
Emily Blunt once won British Artist of the Year.
Bal Gangadhar Tilak refused to teach.
Austria does not have a parliament.
The American television show called Sonny with a Chance was on Disney Channel.
Beyond Westworld was a work.
Trevor Noah is not South African.
Erich von Manstein was born on November 21, 1880.
Time Lords do not prevent time from being subverted or abused.
George Tuska wrote under the pen name Carl Larson.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a prequel to a 2011 movie.
The United States Congress fails to meet in Washington, D.C.
Adam West was born in a month.
The blue whale's body is the biggest in the world.
Boeing 737s serve markets previously filled by MD-80/MD-90 and DC-9 airliners.
Janeane Garofalo is included in Duane Hopwood.
Marlon Brando was in a film by a film director and he was American.
Dwayne Johnson had a role in The Scorpion King.
Transformers was a 2009 film.
Tall Story is an American novel.
The Xbox One uses an input device called the Kinect.
Psychology is included in International Relations.
Modern Family is a movie.
Lust for Life is based on a 1934 novel.
Short Term 12 is a film categorized as a drama.
Austria's smallest city is Vienna.
Judd Apatow is an American citizen.
Memento received a nomination.
Dangerously in Love sold 317,000 digital copies in its first week.
Dead Man Down stars an Irish actor born in 1976.
Logan is directed by James Cameron.
The Twilight Zone was created by an Canadian screenwriter and playwright.
Britney Spears is an American singer.
Texas has been American since its inception.
Sansa Stark is a person in a narrative work of art.
Madonna only ever signed with Motown Records.
21 Jump Street was cancelled on March 16, 2012.
Leslie Uggams appeared in a film directed by Tim Miller.
Hugo Weaving refused to voice Noah.
Jing Tian has an acting career.
Patrick Bateman is the author of the novel American Psycho.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 was shelved indefinitely.
Neil Young writes and sings his own music.
Seal performed a song.
Passengers is a farm.
Nick Jonas is a recording artist.
Amy Poehler was a participant of a comedic group.
True Blood is set in Bon Temps.
Imperium (2016 film) is a restaurant.
Miami Blues featured Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Neil Young has no middle name.
Over four Champions Leagues have been won by FC Barcelona.
Marion Cotillard achieved recognition.
Elephants are the prey of lions.
Cambodia had a coup by the Khmer Rouge in 1970.
Minions is the thirteenth highest-grossing film of all time and the second highest-grossing animated film.
Winnie Harlow is Bolivian.
The Boot Monument is located in Saratoga National Historical Park in New York.
Sigmund Freud's work has suffused contemporary Western thought and pop culture.
Page Hamilton is a guitarist.
Britney Spears starred in Crossroads.
Azerbaijan lacks a high rate of literacy.
Karl Urban was in a film directed by J.J. Abrams.
The Void was previously shown at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival.
Andrew Wood is a member of Malfunkshun.
Sarah Silverman was incapable of being involved with a film directed by Richard Linklater.
Stephen Rider acted in the series Lucky 7.
International Relations includes technology and engineering, economics, communication studies, history, international law, demography, philosophy, geography, social work, sociology, anthropology, criminology, psychology, gender studies, cultural studies, culturology, and diplomacy, globalization, diplomatic relations, state sovereignty, international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, nationalism, economic development, global finance, as well as terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights, as well, as, more recently, comparative religion.
David Bowie is one of the world's worst-selling music artists.
The Invention of Lying is a restaurant.
Helen Keller is a famous deaf person.
The Free State of Prussia did not replace the Kingdom of Prussia in 1918.
Bruce Willis is a person.
Andorra is landlocked.
The September 11 attacks were not carried out by members of al-Qaeda.
Jorah Mormont is portrayed solely by a French actor.
Big Boi writes songs.
A 2013 superhero comedy film featured an appearance by Jim Carrey.
Little Big Shots premiered on FX.
Adolf Hitler is a fictional entity.
Philip V of Spain was the Queen of Spain.
A Golden Globe was given to Jason Bateman.
Grace Jones played the character May Day.
Sarcoidosis is a disease.
Christianity is a system of beliefs and practices.
Arkham Asylum's patients only include Clayface.
Independence Day: Resurgence is a 1990 film.
Victor Hugo was drafted in 1802.
Imagine Dragons has a car called Night Visions.
Evan Goldberg is a Canadian film producer.
Pineapple Express is a French film.
Ceres is within the orbit of Neptune and Pluto.
Cracks's had its theatrical release in UK and Ireland.
Thanos has yet to appear in a movie.
One person who transitioned to female is Jazz Jennings.
Zinedine Zidane won an online poll.
An unincorporated territory of the United States is Puerto Rico.
Taylor Swift is an American singer-songwriter.
Tim Allen never worked in American television.
Young MC has yet to appear in films.
Jerry Goldsmith collaborated with Paul Verhoeven.
Recovery, by Eminem, was one of the best-selling albums of 2010 worldwide.
Trolls (soundtrack) was released for the first time in 2017.
The Martian is based on Andy Weir's novel.
Splatoon 2 is the only game in its franchise.
Richard Harris's date of birth was October 1, 1930.
Dean Martin was a comedian.
Clementine Chapel allows access to pilgrims.
R. Madhavan has avoided acting altogether.
Brittany Murphy was born in 2009.
Imagine Dragons are unqualified for a Grammy Award.
Tom Morello developed an interest in politics.
Mexico is the only country with mango as its national fruit.
Jackfruit is believed to have originated in the deserts.
24 premiered on November 5.
Dennis Hopper acted in America.
Rafael Nadal won an annual tennis tournament for the eighth time in 2012.
The internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks.
Foxcatcher was nominated for seven Golden Globes.
Rolling Stone magazine labeled Led Zeppelin as "the biggest band of the Seventies."
Norovirus causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Urvashi Rautela has yet to be born.
Renaissance art involved Florence.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of racial injustice.
Aruba is a sea.
Joy is a film.
Gerald Ford was a presidential candidate in 1976.
Melanie Griffith is a television actress.
The Boston Celtics play their home games at Madison Square Garden.
Shakira is only a singer
Underworld is a movie.
Blue Velvet was nominated for an Academy Award.
Arkham Asylum's patients only include Clayface.
Cancer did not cause 8.8 million deaths.
The first Ku Klux Klan jumped up by the 1870s.
Harold Ramis was born in 1950.
Rick and Morty was created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Adult Swim.
Beautiful (Christina Aguilera song) was recorded by a singer from a country.
The Make Trade Fair Campaign was supported by Coldplay.
Sue Sylvester is portrayed by a Baptist.
The Catalyst is by American rock band Linkin Park.
Stockard Channing is an actress.
Thomas Pynchon wrote the novel V.
Joey Graceffa is from anywhere except a constitutional federal republic.
Russ has a song titled "What They Want".
Pirates of the Caribbean had multiple directors.
Kiefer Sutherland appeared in The Bay Boy (1984).
Huntington's disease can only be accurately diagnosed through an MRI.
William Cage plays the role of Tom Cruise.
Edward VIII was the son of Charlie Brown.
Dhool starred an Indian actress born in the nineteen eighties.
Adolf Hitler caused the murder of at least 5.5 million Jews.
A king of Scotland was Charles II of England.
Michael Jackson was born in 2009.
Jared Leto has directed music videos for Aerosmith.
Guinevere was Arthur's wife.
Newcastle United F.C. has a traditional crest.
The Martian is a 2015 big science fiction film.
Steffi Graf refused to ever be a tennis player.
The September 11 attacks were not carried out by members of al-Qaeda.
The Republic of Zambia is bordered to the east by Malawi.
Arrow averaged about 3.68 million viewers over the first season in 2011.
The Formula (1980 film) is a television show only.
Maggie Gyllenhaal starred in Won't Back Down in 2012.
Fred Trump engaged in philanthropy.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is intended to be the second book in the Superman series.
Desperate Housewives aired on ABC starting in 2004.
Tale of Tales is an American film.
Dungeons & Dragons was published by Tactical Studies Rules, Inc.
Red Headed Stranger is a movie.
Ready Player One was sold in 2010.
Boston Latin School is a language.
The Sopranos does not have any episodes.
Myles Kennedy has only ever been a part of the band The Mayfield Four.
Ron Cobb has only ever been a painter.
Splash is a film.
The Celtic F.C. is based in the United States.
The fifth president of Iraq was Saddam Hussein.
Burundi is a clown.
The Hangover Part III stars Ken Jeong.
Bob Arum is only the founder of a professional soccer company.
Istanbul is not a city.
The term cult film was first used in the 1980s.
Steven Tyler plays more than one instrument.
Providence, Rhode Island was founded by a religious exile in 2013.
J. Cole founded the Dreamville Foundation.
Ayn Rand supported capitalism.
Aishwarya Rai did not place second in a pageant.
Amaze Entertainment only developed films.
The windigo is a type of being.
Pregnancy symptoms include various ailments.
Connaught Tunnel is an underwater base.
Lion was written by Garth Davis.
Melbourne has an extensive transport network.
Trevor Baxter wasn't able to attend college.
The September 11 attacks killed 2,996 people.
Facebook's CEO is Mark Zuckerberg.
There were matches in eight cities in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Arrested Development is about a dysfunctional family.
Jane Lynch was born on September 14th, 1960.
Sofia Coppola acted in a drama film based on a novel.
William Shatner was featured as attorney Denny Crane.
The South Pole is outside of Antarctica.
FC Barcelona is operated by its supporters.
Farrah Fawcett acted in the science fiction horror film Saturn 3.
42 (film) is the name of a Canadian film.
Steve Buscemi was denied any role in the film Fargo.
Pompeii is in Spain.
Eagles second live album was Hell Freezes Over.
Toy Story 3 was withheld by Walt Disney Pictures.
Saw VI is a 2009 novel.
Frank Ocean is an American citizen.
George A. Romero directed The Crazies.
Buckingham Palace lacks early 19th-century interior designs.
Michelle Obama gave speeches at two Democratic National Conventions.
Titanic was released in 2000.
The Jim Crow laws were enacted before the American Civil War.
Saskatchewan shares a border to the northeast with Nunavut.
World War II did not take place from 1939 to 1945.
Jennifer Aniston was born in 1974.
Naruto is not originally English.
Interstellar premiered in the 2010s.
Ghostbusters only premiered in San Diego.
Olivia Wilde is a beef wellington.
Shonen Jump is published only by Tokyopop.
Charles Dickens was not a social critic.
Christoph Waltz is an  award-winning actor.
Rhode Island was the third state to ratify the Articles of Confederation.
The main character of Memento abstains from using tattoos to track information he cannot remember.
Stone Temple Pilots had an original member that was an American rock guitarist.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was not president of the United States.
Linda McCartney was born on September 24, 1951.
No Escape had pre-screenings.
Adolf Hitler joined a political party.
Leonardo da Vinci only made discoveries in geology.
Ken Russell was involved with the film Tommy.
John Cusack has worked on a film with Stephen Frears.
Richard Gere won a Screen Actors Guild award.
Bahrain is an archipelago.
The 79th Academy Awards took place in Fords Theatre only.
Mexico's war with France began in 1930.
Cry Freedom was shot in Kenya and Zimbabwe.
Paul Pogba is a sports player.
Appian Way Productions is in East Hollywood.
Song Sung Blue was only released in 1930.
Transformers: Age of Extinction stars Peter Cullen as Optimus Prime.
David Harbour is a spider.
Pablo Picasso was a novelist.
Nigeria is the seventh most populous country in the world.
Inhumans's lead character's real name is Blackagar Boltagon.
The World According to Paris had an all-male cast.
Jing Tian is incapable of acting.
Batman: The Killing Joke was written by a Norwegian.
Wladimir Klitschko reached a career low point in 2014.
Lauren Graham's middle name is Sarah.
Oz the Great and Powerful was released without the Disney Digital 3-D format.
Michael Schumacher is a Formula One pit crew member.
Stratford, London is its own city outside of London.
Animal rights were addressed in Beverly Hills, 90210.
The Weeknd only released an album in 2011.
Belgium is 41% French-speaking.
Mr. Nobody was made in 1485.
In & Out is exclusively an Indonesian film.
Alia Bhatt is a dog.
Ty Cobb finished his career in 2011.
Rick and Morty's creators are Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon.
Muammar Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism.
Ireland is not a place on Earth.
Richard Ramirez terrorized residents.
Ireland has a central jungle.
George Washington was not alive in 1775.
The Mummy is an American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman.
Adam West is exclusively a singer.
Reds is a 1981 film.
Chess is only considered a sport by German Government organizations.
William McKinley lived his whole life without ever getting shot.
Triple H's name stands for Hunter Hearst Helmsley.
The Big Chill stars an Oscar nominated actor.
Jamaicans for Justice is a book.
The Void was first shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest.
An American media company was an employer of William Hanna.
In 2011, the Writers Guild of America gave Steven Zaillian an award.
Vladimir Putin graduated from Saint Petersburg State University.
Romelu Lukaku was unable to score a single point.
The Los Angeles Lakers won more than 30 consecutive games.
Black Sails was renewed for a fourth season.
Canada is a developed country.
Walt Whitman was born in Kings County, New York.
Thiokol was also known as Satan.
Sense and Sensibility was prevented from being printed for a second run in the second half of 1813.
Sikhism originated in the Pacific region.
Don Henley has released albums.
The Leftovers is a standalone television movie.
Super Metroid takes place before Metroid II.
The Lion King is an artistic work.
Tropic Thunder was written by Justin Theroux along with others.
American Pie is a children's film.
Mexico City is located in the Rio Grande Valley.
Joan of Arc became a symbol of the Catholic League in the 16th century.
Gustave Eiffel focused on meteorology research.
Usain Bolt is 100 years old.
George Washington served as the first president.
The second longest of Shakespeare's plays is Richard III.
Cloud Atlas is adapted from a novel by a corpse.
Alicia Keys made her film debut in Smokin' Aces.
Yamaha Corporation is based exclusively in Mexico.
Laurence Fishburne acted in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Lewis Hamilton was the runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg in 2016.
Assassin's Creed is not developed by Ubisoft.
A capital was where the Caracazo took place.
The Celtic F.C. is based in the United States.
Saskatchewan is bordered only by sea to the west.
Greenwich is centred 5.5 miles from Charing Cross.
Bungie is located in the Netherlands.
David Bowie received gold certifications in the United States.
War Dogs stars an actor.
Walt Whitman was born in Garden City on Long Island.
Zinedine Zidane did not receive the Golden Ball.
Walt Disney was a heavy drinker throughout his life.
Mark Zuckerberg co-founded a website.
Hawaii's largest island is Kauai.
Miley Cyrus is a jet.
Queen Victoria was alive during the 1870s.
Jesus was not baptized by John the Baptist.
Paramore is an album released in 2011.
Kurt Angle has twice won the King of the Mountain match.
RuPaul has released thirteen studio albums.
Bruce Lee was in Enter the Dragon.
Erich von Manstein was born on November 21, 1880.
Jamie Foxx is from America..
Emma Thompson is a log.
Miyu Irino voices a character in a game series owned by Disney Interactive Studios.
Christina Aguilera sold albums.
Andy Warhol was the producer of a band.
Rabat is in Asia.
Steven Knight is solely an American screenwriter.
Tim Henman plays tennis.
Iggy Azalea signed a recording contract with Grand Hustle Records.
England shares land borders with Scotland and Wales.
Woody Allen is a musician.
Socrates was Roman.
On October 31, 1969, Led Zeppelin II was released in the United Kingdom.
The first woman to be entombed in the Pantheon in Paris based on her own merits was Marie Curie.
Anna Paquin performed a role in a film by Jane Campion.
Walt Whitman worked as a government clerk in 1944.
Born Naked was a car.
The OA is on TV.
Aruba is divided into eleven regions for census purposes.
Transformers: The Last Knight only stars Jim Carrey.
Injustice 2 includes a loot-dropping system.
Billy Ray Cyrus acted on a Disney Channel series until 2017.
Nice & Slow was released in 1998.
Judy Greer was in a science-fiction adventure film in 1955.
Tom Brady is not a quarterback in the NFL.
The Guest cooks Dan Stevens.
Margot Frank's middle name was Alice.
Laurence Olivier played in Romeo and Juliet.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays for the Irish club İstanbul Başakşehir.
Only radio is a division of Davis Entertainment.
Central America contains Belize.
Saswata Chatterjee refuses to work in film.
The USC School of Cinematic Arts is in San Diego.
George Best has been labelled as "the greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland."
Conor McGregor only participated in Heavyweight competitions.
Iron Man was released in 1980.
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center in 2016.
The Great Gatsby was written by Stephen King.
Wonder Woman is a character.
The Mummy is a film.
History of art only includes computers.
Keanu Reeves played Hamlet.
Jackfruit is autochthonous to parts of Southeast Asia.
The Wolf of Wall Street was a film of 2017.
John F. Kennedy is unrelated to the Kennedy family.
That '70s Show is a sitcom.
The Divergent Series: Insurgent is based on a book.
Saved was a play with zero cast members.
Marie Antoinette is a parent.
Stephon Marbury is a soccer player.
X-Men (film) was directed by Michael Bay only.
Tunisia was introduced to Christianity and its variations.
David Beckham has 4 children.
Daniel Craig went to school in London.
Pompeii is in Spain.
Ruth Negga was born in the Philippines.
Nicki Minaj has been nominated for 10 Grammys.
Norovirus causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Yale School of Drama was first founded in the year 1924.
Ulysses S. Grant overcame throat cancer.
Angola borders Zambia to the west.
Room 93 is by Madonna.
Michael Keaton is a producer.
WALL-E earned $533.3 million worldwide.
Marie Curie was trained in science.
Meryl Streep is an actress.
Azerbaijan is located in the West Caucasus region.
Life Is Peachy is an album in the nu metal genre.
Michelle Williams is a person.
The Illusionist was a commercial success.
The Prestige did not star Michael Caine.
The Great Waldo Pepper had Margot Kidder in its cast.
Maynard James Keenan started the rock supergroup A Perfect Circe in 1999.
Georgia Institute of Technology is located outside of Atlanta.
19 Kids and Counting had other names.
Abu Talib ibn Abd al-Muttalib was the leader of a clan of the Maqil tribe.
Detroit is in Canada.
Macbeth is by Arthur Miller.
James Cromwell did not have a role in American Horror Story: Asylum.
Rachel McAdams worked on a project directed by an American.
Neither of Eric Trump's parents' birthdays are June 14.
Good Will Hunting is a comedy.
Naturi Naughton was denied American citizenship.
Tezaab is a Tamil language film.
Naturi Naughton is Japanese.
A producer of Spider-Man 3 was an Israeli-American businessman.
Laurence Olivier starred in the 1948 adaptation of King Lear.
Chris Terrio was born on December 31, 1976.
South Korea is incapable of being a country.
Sriti Jha performs the leading role in an Hindi-language TV show.
Each jackfruit is made of more than a hundred flowers.
Ronin starred Jonathan Pryce.
Tom Felton has an acting career.
The Martian was directed by Spike Lee.
One Direction is a girl band.
Wyatt Earp married his first wife in 1890.
Overwatch (video game) is incapable of being promoted with animated videos.
Burundi was formerly an Asian colony.
Wentworth is a television series.
David Schwimmer was unable to graduate from a private university in 1988.
Joe Manganiello has barely appeared in Magic Mike.
Gimli is the only character from The Lord of the Rings.
The 2017 film The Mummy was based on The Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft.
Michael Caine was incapable of starring in Get Carter.
Lady Gaga wrote songs as an occupation.
Asteroid Day is an event that occurs every year.
Theodore Roosevelt thought about running for president in 1920.
Rod Serling clashed with people over war.
Liev Schreiber's full name is unknown.
The Wayans Bros. is a television show on the WB.
Robert Redford was passed up for a role on the Twilight Zone.
Buddy Holly performed with his enemies from high school.
James Taylor released a 1976 Greatest Hits album.
Views had the single "Hotline Bling."
Evan Rachel Wood avoided to appear in television series her whole life.
Meghan McCain isn't a host and contributor on Fox News.
Neil Patrick Harris was on How I Met Your Mother as Barney Stinson.
Big Boi was unable to join Outkast.
Lonesome Dove (miniseries) only ever won three awards.
Beauty Shop fails to feature Gina as a character.
Sean Connery lost the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1988.
Antarctica is the hottest continent.
Ed Sheeran is English.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad was born on November 15, 1945.
Boston Latin School is a language.
Julie Christie starred in a movie.
Avril Lavigne sang the song Complicated.
Billy Wilder is still alive.
Inferno does not star Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon.
James Mangold has yet to direct a superhero film.
Jared Kushner is an owner of a newspaper.
Billy Wilder was born on a date.
Macaulay Culkin is a set musician for Black or White.
Hotel Hell is a television show.
Kathy Bates received the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Dan Martin is an amateur cyclist.
The first woman to be entombed in the Pantheon in Paris based on her own merits was Marie Curie.
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Jewish calendar.
Myles Kennedy has only ever been a part of the band The Mayfield Four.
Planet of the Apes is an American film.
The Ten Commandments is a 2017 film.
George Cukor has directed only television.
The Great Buck Howard was directed by a Russian.
Sense and Sensibility went on sale in 1113.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character on NCIS.
Detroit is a city.
Gwen Stefani performs with four Japanese and Japanese American girls.
The Sopranos is a movie.
Hilary Swank played an unnamed recurring background character on Beverly Hills 90210.
The Dark Half is an American thriller film.
Arkham Asylum's patients include a villain.
The Playboy Club's cast rescued Laura Benanti.
The Fifth Element was the highest-grossing French movie in the international box office until the release of The Intouchables.
Amazon is not a retailer.
Gift of the Night Fury exclusively stars the voices of people from Kenya.
John McCain adheres to conservative principles.
Afghanistan has not been inhabited by humans since the Middle Paleolithic Era.
Down syndrome resulted in thousands of deaths in 2015.
Alex Rodriguez's career ended after 17 years.
Sharon Stone played a fictional character.
John Lennon was from England.
Katie Holmes is an American citizen.
Saskatchewan is bordered on the north by only the sea.
All the Lovers reached the top ten in France.
Steven Tyler is completely unaffiliated with rock.
Angela Lansbury was born to an lower-middle-class family.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term with restricted use.
Adele is from London, England.
Yale School of Drama was first founded in the year 1924.
Michelangelo refused to ever paint.
Doctor Zhivago's protagonist is a physician and poet.
Mary-Louise Parker is a person.
Gary Ridgway only killed two people.
The Messenger was nominated for a Golden Globe.
A character in Constantine's screenplay was Frank Cappello.
Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon in the 40s BC.
The Invention of Lying was released in the US in 2009.
Planet of the Apes is not an American film.
Machu Picchu is a 15th-century Inca citadel.
Tom Felton refuses to be an actor.
George Washington was commissioned by the Second Continental Congress.
Nepal is a South Asian country.
Diego Luna is a Martian.
Tim Allen worked in Canadian radio.
Me Before You is a British-American stew.
Jared Leto has directed three videos.
Chicago White Sox competes in the World Series.
Shia LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination.
John Malkovich starred in a movie.
Sora is the main character in Kingdom Hearts III.
All My Children was created by Joss Whedon.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in a city in Italy.
Volleyball avoids passing.
Gillian Jacobs had a one-time role on the HBO series Girls.
Shakira is a only a film producer.
Kaitlin Olson was a part of the improvisational group the Groundlings.
Thinkin Bout You was nominated for Record of the Year.
Google has received significant criticism for censorship issues.
Wi-Fi Certified is a term restricted by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
The gray wolf was always unable to colonize North America.
Boston had the first subway system in the United States.
Life After Death is by a Canadian.
Outfit (retailer) is an American company.
Anna Kendrick did not star in a film directed by Jason Moore.
Ron Perlman was born in 1945.
History of art only includes computers.
Dogstar (band) refused to play at the Glastonbury Festival.
Michael Jackson had albums that became world-wide best-sellers.
Killer whales can be found in a variety of forest environments.
Kurt Angle's middle name is Steven.
Emily Ratajkowski was born in Paris.
George H. W. Bush was president from 1889 to 1993.
Tom Hardy portrayed only Batman in The Dark Knight Rises (2012).
The World Science Festival is a non-profit organization.
Machu Picchu is an Inca citadel created in the 1450s.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of racial injustice.
Jet Li's birthplace is Beijing.
Streptococcus is a genus of amoeba.
Black Sabbath was formed by 4 people.
Twilight's first novel was released in 2017.
Toby Whithouse has written for Doctor Who.
Hong Kong maintains its independent powers.
Saw VI is a horror film.
Queen Victoria's offspring became King of the United Kingdom.
Farrah Fawcett denied a role in The Burning Bed.
Notes on a Scandal has a soundtrack composed by computer.
Star Search was relaunched in 2003-04.
Amy Adams is incapable of getting involved with Man of Steel (film).
Empathy is the capacity to understand what a flower is experiencing.
Ulysses S. Grant worked with a US president.
The internet originated in research conducted in the 20th century.
Collision Course is a collection songs released as a single group.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is non-fiction.
Serena Williams has won four Olympic gold medals.
David Angell produced sitcoms.
Sean Connery won an Academy Award.
Nelson Mandela rejected socialism.
Glenn Close was in productions of Barnum in 1980.
Black Mirror is only a book.
The Boeing 707 is exclusively a mid-sized laptop.
Luke Evans took a five-year acting hiatus from 2010 to 2015.
Dolly Parton is incapable of being a songwriter.
Miranda Kerr was yet to work with any Australian business.
Anna Paquin was killed in Omaha.
The Beach Boys is a group.
NASA has followed most US space exploration efforts.
Grace Jones's style was influenced by reggae.
San Francisco has warm summers.
Soccer is played in Paris.
Abraham Lincoln condemned the expansion of slavery.
The Smurfs began filming in March 2010.
Samuel Witwer is from the Western Hemisphere.
Maria I of Portugal existed as Queen of the Algarves.
Ford Motor Company is not as large as another automaker.
Give Me Everything is the second single from Planet Pit.
Tom Felton refuses to be an actor.
Crystal Palace F.C. lost the Full Members Cup in 1991.
Telangana is an Australian state.
Texas Longhorns men's basketball hasn't participated in any basketball related matters.
David Tennant portrayed the Tenth Doctor on Doctor Who.
Denzel Washington is Japanese.
Portia de Rossi worked with an actor.
Dungeons & Dragons was designed by two guys.
Colin Powell was the 65th US Secretary of State.
The Sopranos does not have any episodes.
Felicity Jones has only appeared in pre-2000 films.
Eminem is an artist.
Bradley Cooper is a person.
Octopuses expel ink into the water as an escape mechanism.
Game of Thrones's third season premiered on March 31, 2013.
Usher was born in Texas.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2008.
Shia LaBeouf only had a brief cameo in the film Surf's Up.
The United States Congress possesses 535 voting people.
Dr. Dre put out the album 2001 in 1999.
Lady Gaga has won six Grammy Awards.
The World Science Festival is unaffiliated with the World Science Foundation.
Elle Fanning starred in a film.
Black Widow is a super villain.
The Chelsea F.C. is English.
The mango is a root vegetable grown underground.
An army was led by Hannibal.
David LeRoy Anderson won the Academy Award for Best Makeup at the 70th Academy Awards for Men in Black in 2000.
Summertime (George Gershwin song) was composed in 1987 for an opera.
Hungary is surrounded by water.
Jennifer Aniston is an American citizen.
Kim Basinger is a singer.
Walmart is of lower retail value than Amazon.
Heartbreak Ridge was produced only by John Wayne.
A Few Good Men is an Armenian film.
Richard Branson set up Virgin Atlantic grapes.
Lynyrd Skynyrd has a lead vocalist.
Solange Knowles has an album called Solo Star.
Lexmark is owned by Russia.
Naomi Scott starred in a movie.
Andy Warhol is not an artist.
An intelligence quotient is derived by ignoring all tests.
Kiefer Sutherland is only an actor.
The Bostonians (film) is a romantic television show.
Unleashed is a song.
Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is incapable of starring Sarah Silverman.
Frank Sinatra starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
Seville is located in France.
Mariah Carey is female.
Ronin starred at least one actor.
Greyson Chance is a Canadian singer.
Faith Evans has only released four albums.
Taal was a Bollywood romantic comedy.
Warm Leatherette was released by a British-American publishing house.
Selma Blair stars in Legally Blonde.
Vladimir Putin returned to being Prime Minister in 2010.
Roman Atwood was born in 1983.
Nickelodeon is comprised entirely of noneducational sitcoms.
Lightning rod are called air terminals.
K-pop Star 2 involves Yang Hyn-suk.
Home Alone was made in America.
Prometheus is a 2012 film that serves as a prequel.
Istanbul is a village.
J. Howard Marshall's first name is James.
William Shakespeare's plays are not performed more often than any other playwright.
Cleopatra (1963 film) ignores the struggles of Cleopatra VII.
Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Kirsten Dunst.
Blink-182 is not a band.
Journey is Irish.
WeChat is a Chinese application.
United Nations was established in the 1940s.
Agatha Christie stayed away from writing plays.
De Profundis is an epistle.
Macbeth is a TV series.
Kurt Angle is a professional dancer.
Russell Crowe did not win any awards.
James Taylor's Greatest Hits album sold 12 million US copies.
Brentwood is located in a country.
Michael Jordan was unathletic.
Demi Lovato's first single was "This is Me".
Prisoner is American.
Ronin is a action-comedy film.
Moscow is not the capital of Russia.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency's establishment was proposed only by Steve Harvey.
Judd Apatow produced The Cable Guy.
Cry Freedom is an unproduced screenplay.
New Girl is not on TV.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a geographer.
A Monster Calls was only directed by Ron Howard.
J. Cole did not sign to Jay Z's Roc Nation imprint in 2009.
The Backstreet Boys is a TV show.
Angelina Jolie was in the film George Wallace.
Silicon Valley is in the third most extensive U.S. state by area and is very cultured.
Arnold Schwarzenegger never served as governor.
Room 93 is a debut comic book.
Alan Rickman was a cameraman.
Marc Maron is only a comedian.
Steve Mouzakis was a cast member of a fantasy drama film.
Canada was claimed by the British.
Memento achieved $39.7 million.
Dubai is in the United Arab Emirates.
Evan Chandler accused Michael Jackson of sexually abusing his daughter.
Prometheus had little need for technology and creatures.
Bed-ins were intended to be non-violent protests against The Vietnam War.
Judy Greer was born in 1985.
International Relations includes animals.
Followers of asceticism lead an sex-filled lifestyle.
Hilary Swank was born in 1974.
Whitey Bulger was sentenced by Attorney General Denise Casper.
John Cusack is an actor.
Azerbaijan has a high degree of literacy.
Avatar: The Last Airbender is a television series that is animated.
Jack Black is an American actor that was involved with voice acting for Kung Fu Panda 3.
Michael Jackson was born in 2009.
The Taj Mahal attracts 7-8 million dogs a year.
The Carmichael Show's seasons have all only ever had five episodes.
Issur Danielovitch was the name given to Kirk Douglas on birth.
