It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
Hopper 's later work included a leading role in the short-lived television series Crash  ( 2008 -- 2009 )  , inspired by the Academy Award-winning film of the same name .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
In 2013 , Evans starred as the main antagonist Owen Shaw in the blockbuster Fast & Furious 6 , and also played Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson 's three-part adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
It is the only European country to have a border with an African country  ( Morocco )  and its African territory accounts for nearly 5 % of its population , mostly in the Canary Islands but also in Ceuta and Melilla .
Born in Oviedo , the capital of the autonomous region of Asturias , Alonso started in karting from the age of 3 .
Manchester City Football Club is a football club in Manchester , England .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
Evan Rachel Wood  ( born September 7 , 1987 )  is an American actress and musician .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
During its brief flyby , New Horizons made detailed measurements and observations of Pluto and its moons .
Sarandon began her career in the 1970 film Joe , before appearing in the soap opera A World Apart  ( 1970 -- 71 )  .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
She received more acclaim for portraying Queen Victoria in The Young Victoria  ( 2009 )  , receiving a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama .
Kidman 's breakthrough roles were in the 1989 feature film thriller Dead Calm and television thriller miniseries Bangkok Hilton .
The club have been FA Cup finalists four times , in 1948 -- 49 , 1960 -- 61 , 1962 -- 63 and 1968 -- 69 .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury ,  ( born 16 October 1925 )  is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter .
Juana la Virgen  ( English : Juana the Virgin )  is a 2002 Venezuelan telenovela written by Perla Farias and produced by RCTV .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
Stand-up comedy is a comic style in which a comedian performs in front of a live audience , usually speaking directly to them .
Three of his films ranked in the American Film Institute 's list of the top 100 comedy films of the past 100 years  ( 1900 -- 2000 )  , all of which ranked in the top 15 of the list : Blazing Saddles at number 6 , The Producers at number 11 , and Young Frankenstein at number 13 .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
The series follows the adventures of a late-20th-century New York City pizza delivery boy , Philip J. Fry , who , after being unwittingly cryogenically frozen for one thousand years , finds employment at Planet Express , an interplanetary delivery company in the retro-futuristic 31st century .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
The city is also a major rail , highway , and air-transport hub served by two international airports : Paris-Charles de Gaulle  ( the second busiest airport in Europe after London Heathrow Airport with 63.8 million passengers in 2014 )  and Paris-Orly .
After an interval as a teacher , she returned to the same university to study art history , and received a master 's degree in 1918 .
David Koepp  ( born June 9 , 1963 )  is an American screenwriter and director .
Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito , a tournament among former World Cup champions .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
The film stars Emily Blunt , Rebecca Ferguson , Haley Bennett , Justin Theroux , Luke Evans , Allison Janney , Édgar Ramírez , and Lisa Kudrow , and follows an alcoholic divorcée who becomes involved in a missing persons investigation .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1846 , Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks , tariffs , and railroads .
It is a unitary parliamentary republic , has 10.5 million inhabitants and the capital and largest city is Prague , with over 1.2 million residents .
The film was directed by Shawn Levy , narrated by Bonnie Hunt , and starring Steve Martin .
The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show , So Random !
The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower .
Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945 , when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party  ( NSDAP )  .
Obama campaigned for her husband 's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008 , delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention .
Throughout his tenure in the WWF/WWE , Angle was a six-time world champion  ( four reigns as WWF/WWE Champion , one as WCW Champion , and one as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , a one-time United States Champion , one-time Intercontinental Champion , one-time European Champion , one-time Hardcore Champion , and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
Many victims were said to have been killed in a mixed-use building he owned , located about 3 mi west of the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair and said to have been a World 's Fair Hotel , though evidence suggests that the hotel portion was never truly open for business .
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles .
Her sexually explicit behavior generated widespread controversy while promoting her fourth album Bangerz  ( 2013 )  , her first under her recording contract with RCA Records .
Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramírez , known as Richard Ramirez  ( February 29 , 1960 -- June 7 , 2013 )  , was an American serial killer , rapist , and burglar .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
Lonesome Dove also won two Golden Globes , for Best Miniseries and Best Actor in a Miniseries  ( Robert Duvall )  .
Ashley Judd  ( born Ashley Tyler Ciminella ; April 19 , 1968 )  is an American actress and political activist .
Many different authors contributed to the Bible .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
The original cast included John Castle , Tony Selby , Ronald Pickup , Dennis Waterman , William Stewart , Barbara Ferris , Lucy Fleming , Gwen Nelson and Alison Fraser .
Burke rose to fame after winning the fifth series of British television series The X Factor in 2008 , becoming one of the most successful winners of the series .
Subhas Chandra Bose  ( 23 January 1897 -- 18 August 1945 )  was an Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India , but whose attempt during World War II to rid India of British rule with the help of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan left a troubled legacy .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
T-Pain is the founder of the record label imprint Nappy Boy Entertainment , established in 2005 .
It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .
Asset management , broadly defined , refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group .
Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed , written , and co-produced by Cameron Crowe .
The sport is followed primarily in Australasia , Britain , the Indian subcontinent , southern Africa and the West Indies .
The book was published by RazorBill , a young adult imprint of Penguin Books .
Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor .
The Carmichael Show is an American sitcom television series created by Nicholas Stoller , Jerrod Carmichael , Ari Katcher , and Willie Hunter that premiered on August 26 , 2015 , on NBC .
Paradise is the third extended play  ( EP )  and second major release by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey ; it was released on November 9 , 2012 by Universal Music .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
After receiving the Artist of the Year award from the 2008 Mnet Korean Music Festival , the group expanded their endeavors to Japan , releasing both their second Korean studio-album , Remember , and their first Japanese album , Number 1 , in the same year , and consequently winning three awards at the 9th MTV Video Music Awards Japan .
The film stars Robert De Niro , Leslie Mann , Danny DeVito , Edie Falco , Veronica Ferres , Charles Grodin , Cloris Leachman , Patti LuPone and Harvey Keitel .
Sons of Anarchy is an American crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter , which aired from 2008 to 2014 .
The release of the band 's third studio album , A Little Bit Longer  ( 2008 )  , helped the band achieve further success ; the album 's lead single hit the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Victoria Leigh Blum  ( born October 15 , 1955 )  , known by the stage name Tanya Roberts , is an American actress and producer .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
Fences is a 2016 American period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and written by August Wilson , based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name  ( Wilson died in 2005 , but completed a screenplay before his death )  .
Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver .
Two of the Hornblower books , A Ship of the Line and Flying Colours , were jointly awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction in 1938 .
Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2 % .
Sarcoidosis was first described in 1877 by the English doctor Jonathan Hutchinson as a non painful skin disease .
Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .
Raised in Gaithersburg , Maryland , Logic expressed an interest in music as a teenager , and ventured into a musical career in early 2009 , releasing a mixtape titled Young , Broke & Infamous in 2010 .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
James has won three NBA championships , four NBA Most Valuable Player Awards , three NBA Finals MVP Awards , two Olympic gold medals , an NBA scoring title , and the NBA Rookie of the Year Award .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
He began his career as a producer in film and television , noted for involvement with the pioneering gay film The Boys in the Band  ( 1970 )  and the award winning drug film Panic in Needle Park  ( 1971 )  .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
During an extended Louie hiatus , C.K. created and starred in his web series Horace and Pete in 2016 , and voiced the lead role in the animated film The Secret Life of Pets the same year .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn , who produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman .
A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth-best American rock band in history .
xXx : Return of Xander Cage  ( released as xXx : Reactivated in some countries )  is a 2017 American action film directed by D. J. Caruso and written by F. Scott Frazier .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin  (  [ moˈɾenɐ ˈbakaɾĩ ]  ; born June 2 , 1979 )  is a Brazilian American actress .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
As an active military leader , Roosevelt implemented a war strategy on two fronts that ended in the defeat of the Axis Powers , and he initiated the development of the world 's first atomic bomb .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
Yelp was founded in 2004 by former PayPal employees Russel Simmons and Jeremy Stoppelman .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
Wladimir Wladimirowitsch Klitschko  ( Володи́мир Володи́мирович Кличко́ , ; born 25 March 1976 )  is a Ukrainian professional boxer .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Samsung Life Insurance  ( Korean : 삼성생명보험 , )  is a South Korean multinational insurance company headquartered in Seoul , South Korea , and a subsidiary of the Samsung Group .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
The 1983 -- 84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film directed by Tim Miller and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Gillian Leigh Anderson , OBE  ( born August 9 , 1968 )  , is an American-British film , television and theatre actress , activist and writer .
In 2016 , AWS comprised more than 70 services spanning a wide range including compute , storage , networking , database , analytics , application services , deployment , management , mobile , developer tools , and tools for the Internet of Things .
Naomi Ellen Watts  ( born 28 September 1968 )  is an English actress and film producer .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
Return to Paradise is a 1998 American drama-thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben , written by Wesley Strick and Bruce Robinson , and starring Vince Vaughn , Anne Heche , and Joaquin Phoenix .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System  ( officially abbreviated the Super NES or SNES , and commonly shortened to Super Nintendo )  is a 16-bit home video game console developed by Nintendo that was released in 1990 in Japan and South Korea , 1991 in North America , 1992 in Europe and Australasia  ( Oceania )  , and 1993 in South America .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
One of the greatest commanders in history , his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide .
Top Gun is a 1986 American romantic military action drama film directed by Tony Scott , and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , in association with Paramount Pictures .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals , but was defeated by Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election , losing by a 365 -- 173 electoral college margin and by 53 -- 46 % in the popular vote .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in  ( RBI )  , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
Into the Woods is a 2014 American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall , and adapted to the screen by James Lapine from his and Stephen Sondheim 's Broadway musical of the same name .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
He received an Emmy Award nomination for his work on Saturday Night Live , and two Golden Globe Award nominations for The Producers  ( 2005 )  and Stranger than Fiction  ( 2006 )  .
Sir Charles Spencer `` Charlie '' Chaplin ,  ( 16 April 1889 -- 25 December 1977 )  was an English comic actor , filmmaker , and composer who rose to fame during the era of silent film .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
She received widespread recognition in 2008 for playing Bella Swan in The Twilight Saga film series  ( 2008 -- 12 )  , which grossed over $ 3.3 billion worldwide .
Death in Paradise has enjoyed high ratings , leading to repeated renewals .
Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia .
Extracorporeal shockwave therapy  ( ESWT )  is a treatment used in physical therapy , orthopedics , urology and cardiology .
Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed , produced and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola .
Lymelife is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written by brothers Derick Martini and Steven Martini , and directed by Derick Martini , depicting aspects of their life in 1970s Long Island from the perspective of a teenager .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
His television appearances included an adaptation of The Moon and Sixpence  ( 1960 )  , Long Day 's Journey into Night  ( 1973 )  , Love Among the Ruins  ( 1975 )  , Cat on a Hot Tin Roof  ( 1976 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 1981 )  and King Lear  ( 1983 )  .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
Matt Dillon was particularly praised for his performance and received Academy Award , BAFTA , Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets  ( Valérian et la Cité des mille planètes )  is an upcoming English-language French science fiction action-adventure film co-produced , written and directed by Luc Besson .
The Paleogene  (  [ pronˈpæliːədʒiːn ]  or  [ ˈpeɪliːədʒiːn ]  also spelled Palaeogene or Palæogene ; informally Lower Tertiary )  is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago  ( Mya )  to the beginning of the Neogene Period Mya .
Gunday  ( English : Outlaws )  is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Aditya Chopra .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Friendship has been studied in academic fields such as communication , sociology , social psychology , anthropology , and philosophy .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
The film stars Reese Witherspoon as Strayed , alongside Laura Dern  ( as Strayed 's mother )  , with Thomas Sadoski , Michiel Huisman and Gaby Hoffmann among several others in supporting roles .
Joseph Michael Manganiello  (  [ ˌmæŋɡəˈnɛloʊ ]  ;  [ maŋɡaˈnjɛllo ]  ; born December 28 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , producer , author and philanthropist .
It stars Ryan Gosling , Bradley Cooper , Eva Mendes , Emory Cohen and Dane DeHaan , with Ben Mendelsohn , Rose Byrne , Mahershala Ali , Bruce Greenwood , Harris Yulin , and Ray Liotta in supporting roles .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Raggedy Ann is a rag doll with red yarn for hair and has a triangle nose .
Neil Patrick Harris  ( born June 15 , 1973 )  is an American actor , comedian , magician , singer , and composer , known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles .
Lithuania has an estimated population of 2.8 million people , and its capital and largest city is Vilnius .
Asteroid Day is held on the anniversary of the June 30 , 1908 Siberian Tunguska event , the most harmful known asteroid-related event on Earth in recent history .
Henry John Deutschendorf Jr.  ( December 31 , 1943 -- October 12 , 1997 )  , known professionally as John Denver , an American musician , singer-songwriter , record producer , activist , actor , and humanitarian , whose greatest commercial success was as a solo singer .
Mediterranean cuisine represents the foods and methods of preparation by people of the Mediterranean Basin region , primarily as it pertains to Southern Europe .
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia .
The band 's seventh studio album , California , was released on July 1 , 2016 .
Clark Gregg co-starred as her ex-husband Richard , with whom Christine maintains a close relationship despite their divorce , as well as Hamish Linklater as her brother Matthew and Wanda Sykes as her best friend Barb .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
Betty Lynn Buckley  ( born July 3 , 1947 )  is an American stage , film and television actress , and singer .
It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to treat major depression , which it received in 1998 , and is prescribed off-label for other conditions .
His career spanned more than six decades of work in music , film , television and live performance .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
Akbar himself was a patron of art and culture .
It was written by Brian Higgins , Stuart McLennen , Paul Barry , Steven Torch , Matthew Gray and Timothy Powell , although Cher claimed later in a 2000 interview that she also wrote part , and was produced by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling .
Starring Zach Galifianakis , Jon Hamm , Isla Fisher and Gal Gadot , the film follows a suburban couple  ( Galifianakis and Fisher )  who begin to suspect their new neighbors  ( Hamm and Gadot )  are secret agents .
Uzbekistan  (  [ ʊzˈbɛkᵻˌstæn ,   - ˌstɑːn ]  ,  [ ʊzˌbɛkᵻˈstɑːn ,   ʌz - ,   - ˈstæn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Uzbekistan  ( Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси Республика Узбекистан )  , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
Distributed by Columbia Pictures , the film premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on July 9 , 2016 and was released theatrically in the United States on July 15 , 2016 , in 2D , 3D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D .
Herbert Marshall McLuhan ,  ( July 21 , 1911 -- December 31 , 1980 )  was a Canadian professor , philosopher , and public intellectual .
In 2013 , TV Guide ranked The Golden Girls number 54 on its list of the 60 Best Series of All Time .
Buddhism is the world 's fourth-largest religion , with over 500 million followers or 7 % of the global population , known as Buddhists .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
In the mid-2000s , Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films , by appearing in supporting roles in three highly successful productions , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Rang De Basanti  ( 2006 )  , Mani Ratnam 's biopic Guru  ( 2007 )  and Rajkumar Hirani 's 3 Idiots  ( 2009 )  , which went on to become the highest grossing Indian film of all time upon release .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
The show stars Beatrice Arthur , Betty White , Rue McClanahan , and Estelle Getty , as four older women who share a home in Miami , Florida .
Cheyenne David Jackson  ( born July 12 , 1975 )  is an American actor and singer-songwriter .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
William Martin Joel  ( born May 9 , 1949 )  is an American singer-songwriter and pianist .
Ronald Ulysses `` Ron '' Swanson is a fictional character
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
His third studio album The Colour in Anything was released in 2016 .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin , the character first appeared in Iron Man # 55  ( February 1973 )  .
Nicknamed `` The Mailman '' , Malone played the power forward position and spent his first 18 seasons  ( 1985 -- 2003 )  in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  with the Utah Jazz and formed a formidable duo with his teammate John Stockton .
Including her work with No Doubt , Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .
It is a creole language based largely on 18th century French with influences from Portuguese , Spanish , English , Taíno , and West African languages .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
Sir Elton Hercules John ,  ( born Reginald Kenneth Dwight ; 25 March 1947 )  is an English singer , pianist , and composer .
Brazil  ( listen )  , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America .
Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg  ( born 18 October 1960 )  , professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD , is a Belgian actor , martial artist , screenwriter , film producer , and director best known for his martial arts action films .
The theater both teaches and hosts performances of improvisational comedy .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
Minaj 's first and second studio albums , Pink Friday  ( 2010 )  and Pink Friday : Roman Reloaded  ( 2012 )  , both peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the successful singles `` Super Bass '' and `` Starships '' , respectively .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Cupid is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC from March 31 to June 16 , 2009 and was broadcast Tuesdays at 10:02 PM Eastern/9 :02 PM Central .
The four largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam , Rotterdam , The Hague and Utrecht  ( collectively known as G4 )  .
Both the Duke of Kent and King George III died in 1820 , and Victoria was raised under close supervision by her German-born mother Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
He is known for his stage role as Hamlet ; his roles in the television series Nathan Barley , Criminal Justice , The Hour and London Spy ; and film roles including Perfume : The Story of a Murderer  ( 2006 )  , I 'm Not There  ( 2007 )  , Bright Star  ( 2009 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Cloud Atlas  ( 2012 )  , The Lobster  ( 2015 )  , Suffragette  ( 2015 )  and The Danish Girl  ( 2015 )  .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name .
In Dubious Battle is a 2016 drama film directed by and produced by James Franco , based on John Steinbeck 's novel of the same name , with a screenplay by Matt Rager .
Born during the Great Depression , and raised by his grandparents , Nelson wrote his first song at age seven and joined his first band at ten .
Attack the Block is a 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring Jodie Whittaker , John Boyega , Nick Frost and Luke Treadaway .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Margaret Ruth `` Margot '' Kidder  ( born October 17 , 1948 )  is a Canadian American actress and activist .
The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington , D.C. Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election , though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment .
Bordering China in the north and India in the south , east , and west , it is the largest sovereign Himalayan state .
Among the languages spoken in Tanzania are all four of Africa 's language families : Bantu , Cushitic , Nilotic , and Khoisan .
Charles , Prince of Wales  ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 )  is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
For her portrayal of the French singer Édith Piaf in the biopic La Vie en Rose  ( 2007 )  , Cotillard achieved worldwide recognition and won her second César Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Lumières Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress , becoming the first and  ( as of 2017 )  only actor to win an Academy Award for a performance in French , and also the second actress and one of only six actors to have won this award for a part spoken in a foreign language .
Ryder System , Inc. , or Ryder , is an American-based provider of transportation and supply chain management products , and is especially known for its fleet of rental trucks .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
He is the reigning UFC Lightweight Champion , and former UFC Featherweight Champion .
Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , the tide gradually turned against the Nazis , who suffered major military defeats in 1943 .
Brian Douglas Wilson  ( born June 20 , 1942 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer best known for being the multi-tasking leader and co-founder of the rock band the Beach Boys .
Russell Edward Brand  ( born 4 June 1975 )  is an English comedian , actor , radio host , author , and activist .
During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' .
Chelsea are the only London club to win the UEFA Champions League , and one of five clubs to have won all three main UEFA club competitions , first English to do so .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
It was immediately successful , winning the Pulitzer Prize , and has become a classic of modern American literature .
The album contains her first song , `` Hometown Glory '' , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Due to cultural , political and historical reasons , Italy is a Western European country .
Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums , and sold over 100 million records worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
Over the years the band has had various line-ups , the only constant being vocalist Tyla .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
It was considered more daring than On the 6 , including more explicit language and provocative lyrics about sex ; it also deals with themes of empowerment and relationships .
Dortmund plays in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system .
He graduated from West Point in 1915 and later married Mamie Doud , with whom he had two sons .
Gillian MacLaren Jacobs  (  [ ˈɡɪliən ]  born October 19 , 1982 )  is an American actress .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Uzbekistan 's economy relies mainly on commodity production , including cotton , gold , uranium , and natural gas .
Following the Cambodian coup of 1970 , the deposed king gave his support to his former enemies , the Khmer Rouge .
A drama school , stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university ; or a free-standing institution  ( such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School )  ; which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts , such as acting , design and technical theatre , arts administration , and related subjects .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
In the 2000s , he became known for his role of Michael Bluth in the critically acclaimed sitcom Arrested Development , for which he won a Golden Globe , and a Satellite Award .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film directed by Pawel Pawlikowski and co-written by Pawlikowski and Michael Wynne .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
The word comes from Middle French mole , ultimately from Latin mōlēs , meaning a large mass , especially of rock , and it has the same root as molecule .
The body consists of the Canadian monarch , represented by a viceroy , the governor general ; an upper house : the Senate ; and a lower house : the House of Commons .
Though a committed royalist when he was young , Hugo 's views changed as the decades passed , and he became a passionate supporter of republicanism ; his work touches upon most of the political and social issues and the artistic trends of his time .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21 , in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki .
The Mughal emperors were Central Asian Turco-Mongols belonging to the Timurid dynasty , who claimed direct descent from both Genghis Khan  ( founder of the Mongol Empire , through his son Chagatai Khan )  and Timur  ( Turco-Mongol conqueror who founded the Timurid Empire )  .
It is the sequel to Portal  ( 2007 )  and was released on April 19 , 2011 , for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 3 , and Xbox 360 .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE  ( February 27 , 1932 -- March 23 , 2011 )  was a British American actress , businesswoman , and humanitarian .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Portia Lee James DeGeneres  ( born Amanda Lee Rogers ; January 31 , 1973 )  , also known professionally as Portia de Rossi  (  [ ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi ]  )  , is an Australian and American actress , model , and philanthropist .
An eight-time Olympic gold medalist , Bolt won the 100 m , 200 m and 4 × 100 m relay at three consecutive Olympic Games , although he subsequently lost one of the gold medals  ( as well as the world record set therein )  nine years after the fact due to teammate Nesta Carter 's disqualification for doping offences .
Albany  (  [ ˈɔːlbəni ]  )  is the capital of the U.S. state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
He is best known for the allegorical novella Animal Farm  ( 1945 )  and the dystopian novel Nineteen Eighty-Four  ( 1949 )  .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
Humans may suffer from various sleep disorders , including dyssomnias , such as insomnia , hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and sleep apnea ; parasomnias , such as sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder ; bruxism ; and circadian rhythm sleep disorders .
It closed the Adelaide Film Festival prior to the Australian theatrical release on 12 March 2009 .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
Bane is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Mammals are any vertebrates within the class Mammalia  (  [ məˈmeɪli.ə ]  from Latin mamma #Latin `` breast '' )  , a clade of endothermic amniotes distinguished from reptiles  ( including birds )  by the possession of a neocortex  ( a region of the brain )  , hair , three middle ear bones and mammary glands .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
He had roles in the minor films From the Rough  ( 2011 )  and The Apparition  ( 2012 )  , starred as James Ashford in the critically acclaimed period drama film Belle  ( 2013 )  , followed by roles in In Secret  ( 2014 )  and Against the Sun  ( 2014 )  .
A Christian state stands in contrast to a secular state , an atheist state , or another religious state , such as a Jewish state , or an Islamic state .
It was co-founded by filmmaker Grigorij Richters , B612 Foundation COO Danica Remy , Apollo 9 astronaut Rusty Schweickart and Brian May , Queen guitarist and astrophysicist .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven , and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr.  ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Carmelo Kyam Anthony  ( born May 29 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
Before making his debut as a composer with Attack the Block , he worked on the music department for various notable films , such as The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers , The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , Batman Begins , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
Sierra Leone became an independent Nation on 27 April 1961 from Britain , led by Sir Milton Margai , who was elected by landslide as the first prime minister of the new nation under parliamentary government .
It is a four-part adaptation of the 1985 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry and is the first installment in the Lonesome Dove series .
A member of the Democratic Party , he represented Delaware as a United States Senator from 1973 until becoming Vice President in 2009 .
It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000 , to be replaced by a new comprehensive , Fairfield High School , at first on the same site , but now located in Stottbury Road , Bristol .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
He gained international fame by starring in films such as A Day in a Life  ( 2007 )  , Moscow , Belgium  ( 2008 )  , The Misfortunates  ( 2009 )  and The Broken Circle Breakdown  ( 2012 )  , as well The Zookeepers Wife  ( 2017 ) 
Afterwards , O'Brien relocated from New York to Los Angeles to host his own incarnation of The Tonight Show for seven months until network politics prompted a host change in 2010 .
The Dark Half is a 1993 American horror film adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same name .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
Melisandre of Asshai is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The distribution of this species is mostly restricted to the waters of the North Atlantic Ocean and Arctic Ocean .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets .
Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior  (  [ nejˈmaʁ dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈsɐ̃tus ˈʒũɲoʁ ]  ; born 5 February 1992 )  , commonly known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Brazil national team .
The Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis  ( métropole d'Aix-Marseille-Provence )  is a French intercommunality formed on , encompassing the urban agglomerations of Marseille , Aix-en-Provence , Aubagne , Martigues and other smaller towns in the suburbs of Marseille , in the Bouches-du-Rhône departement .
Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice  ( born 10 November 1944 )  is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist .
He garnered a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for portraying an avenger in the crime thriller Badlapur  ( 2015 )  .
For his roles in Places in the Heart and In the Line of Fire , he received Academy Award nominations .
Wahlberg was known as Marky Mark in his early career as frontman for the group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch , releasing the albums Music for the People and You Got ta Believe .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
The film stars Sam Worthington , Rosamund Pike , Bill Nighy , Édgar Ramírez , Toby Kebbell , Danny Huston , Ralph Fiennes , and Liam Neeson , with Jonathan Liebesman directing a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson .
OK Computer is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in 1997 on EMI subsidiaries Parlophone and Capitol Records .
Jon Watts  ( born June 28 , 1981 )  is an American film director , producer and screenwriter .
Ann Lois Romney  ( née Davies ; born April 16 , 1949 )  is the wife of American businessman and politician , Mitt Romney .
Many new structures were built at this time , including an aqueduct , two shrines to Demeter , and many houses .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
His portrayal of Dicky Eklund in the David O. Russell-directed biographical film The Fighter  ( 2010 )  , earned him critical acclaim and a number of awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Liberia  [ laɪˈbɪəriə ]  , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the West African coast .
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
Robert Hepler Lowe  (  [ ˈloʊ ]  born March 17 , 1964 )  is an American actor .
The story takes place in a fictional world , primarily upon a continent called Westeros , with one storyline occurring on another continent to the east known as Essos .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
In January 20 , 1968 , Tate married Roman Polanski , her director and co-star in 1967 's The Fearless Vampire Killers .
Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling , also known as GLOW or G.L.O.W. , is a women 's professional wrestling promotion begun in 1986  ( the pilot was filmed in December 1985 )  and continued in various forms after it left television .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
Ser Gregor Clegane is a huge knight and the elder brother of Sandor Clegane .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
Simon 's fame , influence , and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel , formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel .
The origins of the Internet date back to research commissioned by the United States federal government in the 1960s to build robust , fault-tolerant communication via computer networks .
The Who are an English rock band that formed in 1964 .
An intelligence quotient  ( IQ )  is a total score derived from several standardized tests designed to assess human intelligence .
He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Woods and Rory McIlroy are the only golfers to win both The Silver Medal and The Gold Medal at The Open Championship .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Burstyn 's performance in the acclaimed 1971 ensemble drama The Last Picture Show brought her first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination , after which she moved from supporting to leading film and stage roles .
Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Roosevelt was born a sickly child with debilitating asthma , but he successfully overcame his physical health problems by embracing a strenuous lifestyle .
The 19th G7 Summit was held in Tokyo , Japan , on July 7 -- 9 , 1993 .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
The iPhone 3G is internally similar to its predecessor , but included several new hardware features , such as GPS , 3G data and tri-band UMTS/HSDPA .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
He is a four-time NBA All-Star , and a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member .
GoldenEye  ( 1995 )  is the seventeenth spy film in the James Bond series , and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 officer James Bond .
Foo Fighters is an American rock band , formed in Seattle , Washington in 1994 .
It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name but includes contributions by William Goldman .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
The Panic in Needle Park is a 1971 American romantic drama film directed by Jerry Schatzberg and starring Al Pacino , in his second film appearance .
In 2009 , Blunt received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .
He first achieved mainstream recognition for his highly successful manga Dr. Slump , before going on to create Dragon Ball -- his best-known work -- and acting as a character designer for several popular video games such as the Dragon Quest series , Blue Dragon and Chrono Trigger .
Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites .
A lymph node or lymph gland , is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system , and of the adaptive immune system , that is widely present throughout the body .
Agassi was the first male player to win all four Grand Slam tournaments on three different surfaces  ( hard , clay and grass )  , and the last American male to win both the French Open  ( in 1999 )  and the Australian Open  ( in 2003 )  .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
Hunter Stockton Thompson  ( July 18 , 1937 -- February 20 , 2005 )  was an American journalist and author , and the founder of the gonzo journalism movement .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
In later times , Athena was syncretized with the Roman goddess Minerva .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
In wider Germanic mythology and paganism , Odin was known in Old English as Wōden , in Old Saxon as Wōdan , and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wōtan , all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wōđanaz .
Adam Richard Sandler  ( born September 9 , 1966 )  is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter , film producer , and musician .
The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series .
From 1998 to 2003 , Neal starred as Yvonne Hughley in the ABC/UPN sitcom The Hughleys .
Geographically located in the South Central region of the country , Texas shares borders with the U.S. states of Louisiana to the east , Arkansas to the northeast , Oklahoma to the north , New Mexico to the west , and the Mexican states of Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas to the southwest , while the Gulf of Mexico is to the southeast .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks Pictures .
She studied musical theatre at the Arts Educational Schools , London , and made her stage breakthrough with a leading role in a 1987 production of 42nd Street .
Jeffrey Nero Hardy  ( born August 31 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , singer-songwriter , painter and musician currently signed to WWE on the Raw brand , where he is one-half of the brand 's Tag Team Champions in his first reign .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
The film was originally shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest and later at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
Evan Goldberg  ( born May 11 , 1982 )  is a Canadian screenwriter , film producer , and director .
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was played between Leicester City , in their third final appearance in four years , and First Division side Tranmere Rovers at the Wembley Stadium on 27 February 2000 .
The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries .
The Grand Ole Opry is a weekly country-music stage concert in Nashville , Tennessee , which was founded on November 28 , 1925 , by George D. Hay as a one-hour radio `` barn dance '' on WSM .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
During the accident , blast effects caused 2 deaths within the facility and later 29 firemen and employees died in the days-to-months afterward from acute radiation syndrome , with the potential for long-term cancers still being investigated .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
Driver has appeared in supporting roles in a wide range of films , including Lincoln  ( 2012 )  , Frances Ha  ( 2012 )  and Inside Llewyn Davis  ( 2013 )  .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
K2  (  [ )  , also known as Mount Godwin-Austen or Chhogori  ( Balti and  [ )  , is the second highest mountain in the world , after Mount Everest , at 8611 m above sea level .
Burundi  (  [ bəˈrʊndi ]  or  [ bəˈrʌndi ]  )  , officially the Republic of Burundi  ( Republika y' Uburundi ,  [ buˈɾundi ]  République du Burundi ,  [ buʁundi ]  or  [ byʁyndi ]  )  , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa , bordered by Rwanda to the north , Tanzania to the east and south , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west .
Humphrey helped found the Minnesota Democratic -- Farmer -- Labor Party  ( DFL )  in 1944 , and in 1945 , became the DFL candidate for mayor of Minneapolis for a second time , winning with 61 % of the vote .
The Boys from Brazil is a 1978 British-American science fiction thriller film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
Medina was Muhammad 's destination after his Hijrah from Mecca , and became the capital of a rapidly increasing Muslim Empire , first under Muhammad 's leadership , and then under Ali .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress  ( ANC )  party from 1991 to 1997 .
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
She is also known for originating the role of Ouisa Kittredge in the stage and film versions of Six Degrees of Separation , for which she was nominated for a Tony Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress .
He and his wife Pat moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government .
Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 during the eighth series of the UK version of The X Factor .
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy  ( July 22 , 1890 -- January 22 , 1995 )  was an American philanthropist , centenarian and socialite .
Harry Edward Styles  ( born 1 February 1994 )  is an English singer and songwriter .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
Haim Saban  (  [ səˈbɑːn ]  חיים סבן born October 15 , 1944 )  is an Israeli-American media proprietor , investor , philanthropist , musician , record , film & television producer .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
The company is headquartered in Lexington , Kentucky .
Set primarily in the Indian State of Haryana , principal photography commenced in September 2015 in the neighbouring Punjab .
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made , and it remained the highest-grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011 .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
He was a lawyer , diplomat , statesman , political theorist , and , as a Founding Father , a leader of the movement for American independence from Great Britain .
The franchise mainly focuses on the fictional character Jason Voorhees , who drowned as a boy at Camp Crystal Lake due to the negligence of the camp staff .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
He is best known for playing Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars film series .
It was founded in 2003 , following BYD Company 's acquisition of Tsinchuan Automobile Company in 2002 .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight .
Brazil  ( listen )  , is the largest country in both South America and Latin America .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW  ( 1999 -- 2007 )  and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls  ( 2003 -- 2008 )  .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
Dead Man Down is an 2013 American neo-noir crime thriller film written by J.H. Wyman and directed by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
Bryan Lee Cranston  ( born March 7 , 1956 )  is an American actor , voice actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
For her performance in the musical-drama Crazy Heart  ( 2009 )  , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
In recent years , he has contributed to The Players ' Tribune as both a photographer and writer .
Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman , co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe , and Morgan Freeman .
Gillian MacLaren Jacobs  (  [ ˈɡɪliən ]  born October 19 , 1982 )  is an American actress .
He was already showing signs of syphilitic dementia early in his sentence , and he became increasingly debilitated before being released after eight years .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy  ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 6 , 1968 )  , commonly known by his initials RFK , was an American politician from Massachusetts .
Timothy Francis `` Tim '' Robbins  ( born October 16 , 1958 )  is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , activist and musician .
With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era .
Stephen Robert Irwin  ( 22 February 1962 -- 4 September 2006 )  , nicknamed `` The Crocodile Hunter '' , was an Australian nature expert and television personality .
She then ventured into film , appearing in 50 First Dates  ( 2004 )  and A Prairie Home Companion  ( 2006 )  .
Italy  ( Italia  [ iˈtaːlja ]  )  , officially the Italian Republic  (  [ Repubblica italiana , links = no ]  )  , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe .
Principal photography began on November 11 , 2015 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Until his departure in 2006 , he was the drummer for the pop rock band Maroon 5 .
ABC cancelled the series on May 13 , 2011 due to low ratings .
It was distributed worldwide by RCTV International .
Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal , the band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland , bassist Greg K. , lead guitarist Kevin `` Noodles '' Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada .
He is best known for playing the role of Tormund Giantsbane in the HBO fantasy series Game of Thrones .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Generation X , or Gen X , is the demographic cohort following the baby boomers .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
Magna Carta Libertatum  ( Medieval Latin for `` the Great Charter of the Liberties '' )  , commonly called Magna Carta  ( also Magna Charta ; ''  ( the )  Great Charter '' )  , is a charter agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede , near Windsor , on 15 June 1215 .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
It attracted literary men such as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johann Gottfried Herder and the reigning dukes of Gotha and Weimar .
Walker began his career guest-starring in several television shows such as The Young and the Restless and Touched by an Angel .
He has subsequently earned Best Actor nominations for portraying musician Johnny Cash in the biopic Walk the Line  ( 2005 )  and for his role as Freddie Quell , a sex-obsessed alcoholic World War II veteran in the drama film The Master  ( 2012 )  , the latter winning him the Volpi Cup for Best Actor .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
In 2017 , Evans starred as Gaston in Disney 's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast .
The first four seasons are available on DVD and Blu-ray in regions 1 , 2 and 4 ; a soundtrack was also released for the first two seasons .
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles .
The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich .
Born and raised in Atlanta , Georgia , Wilburn first became involved in music as part of the Dungeon Family collective , where he was nicknamed `` the Future '' .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
Born in Dallas , Texas but raised and lived in Chattanooga , Tennessee until moving to Atlanta , Georgia .
With some males exceeding 250 kg in weight , it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger , barring hybrids like the liger .
After various modeling work , he made his acting debut as Leo du Pres on the ABC daytime soap opera All My Children and later starred as Danny McCoy on NBC 's Las Vegas .
Observer Media is an American print and online media company .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet .
The song features vocals from American rapper Ludacris .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
It stars Christopher Walken , Denis Leary , Sean Patrick Flanery , Johnny Galecki , Jay Mohr , Jeremy Sisto and Henry Thomas .
The series has also been adapted into various manga and light novels with the former showing various alternate scenarios from the TV series .
In addition to Washington , the film also stars Viola Davis , Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby , Mykelti Williamson and Saniyya Sidney .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
In the 20th and 21st centuries , mathematicians and computer scientists discovered new approaches that , when combined with increasing computational power , extended the decimal representation of to many trillions of digits after the decimal point .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
English  [ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ ]  is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the global lingua franca .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
He co-starred in The One  ( 2001 )  , The Forbidden Kingdom  ( 2008 )  with Jackie Chan , all three of The Expendables films with Sylvester Stallone , and as the title character villain in The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor  ( 2008 )  .
It contains the geographic South Pole and is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere , almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle , and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean .
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
The Hateful Eight is a 2015 American revisionist Western mystery film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino .
In 1920 she began lecturing at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , where she would spend the rest of her career , with the exception of short appointments at UCLA and the University of Chicago .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Anne Marie Cancelmi  ( born July 31 , 1975 )  , known professionally as Annie Parisse , is an American actress .
He has two other sons , Santino  ( Sonny )  and Frederico  ( Fredo )  and one daughter Constanzia  ( Connie )  .
In 1990 , she rose to fame with the release of `` Vision of Love '' from her eponymous debut album .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
The film features an ensemble cast , consisting of Franco , Nat Wolff , Josh Hutcherson , Selena Gomez , Vincent D'Onofrio , Analeigh Tipton , Zach Braff , Bryan Cranston , Ed Harris , and Robert Duvall .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
Amethyst Amelia Kelly , known professionally as Iggy Azalea  (  [ ə ` zeɪliːə ]  born 7 June 1990 )  , is an Australian rapper .
She was born in Skopje  ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia )  , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
In 1990 , she rose to fame with the release of `` Vision of Love '' from her eponymous debut album .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Graduate students may take a Master of Arts , Master of Science , Master of Fine Arts , Doctor of Arts , Doctor of Fine Arts , or Doctor of Philosophy degree .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
In recent decades , the Opry has hosted such contemporary country stars as Dolly Parton , Alan Jackson , Garth Brooks , Reba McEntire , Josh Turner , Carrie Underwood , Brad Paisley , Rascal Flatts , Dierks Bentley , Kacey Musgraves , Blake Shelton and the Dixie Chicks .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
During one orbit around the Sun , Earth rotates about its axis over 365 times ; thus , an Earth year is about 365.26 days long .
At 17075200 km2 , Russia is the largest country in the world by surface area , covering more than one-eighth of the Earth 's inhabited land area , and the ninth most populous , with over 144 million people at the end of March 2016 .
She has composed over 3,000 songs , notably `` I Will Always Love You ''  ( a two-time U.S. country chart-topper for Parton , as well as an international pop hit for Whitney Houston )  , `` Jolene '' , `` Coat of Many Colors '' , and `` 9 to 5 '' .
Wi-Fi or WiFi is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards .
Matthew Robert `` Matt '' Smith  ( born 28 October 1982 )  is an English actor .
He served two terms as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska and was United States Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson  ( 1913 -- 1915 )  .
In August 2016 , Microsoft released a refreshed Xbox One model known as Xbox One S ; it has a streamlined design , native support for 4K video playback and upscaling , and HDR10 high-dynamic-range color .
In 1993 , Escobar was shot and killed in his hometown by Colombian National Police , one day after his 44th birthday .
She competed as a member of the U.S. women 's gymnastics team at the 2016 Summer Olympics , winning gold in the team event and silver on the balance beam .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
Alien : Covenant is a 2017 American science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper , with a story by Michael Green and Jack Paglen .
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy and has switched between parliamentary democracy and military junta for decades , the latest coup being in May 2014 by the National Council for Peace and Order .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
Kerala  (  [ ˈkɛrələ ]  )  historically known as Keralam , is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar Coast .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
Between the two lakes lies Niagara Falls .
Blake Edwards  ( born William Blake Crump ; July 26 , 1922 -- December 15 , 2010 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
After the release of Korn 's 1994 self-titled debut album , the band asked Ross Robinson to produce and went back to Indigo Ranch to record .
Benin  (  [ bᵻˈniːn ,   - ˈnɪn ]  or - ;  [ bɛˈniːn ]  ; Bénin  [ benɛ̃ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Benin  ( République du Bénin )  and formerly Dahomey , is a country in West Africa .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
Easy Virtue is a 2008 British romantic comedy film based on Noël Coward 's play of the same name .
The area was part of the Ancient Parish and subsequent County Borough of West Ham , which became the western half of the modern borough in 1965 .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
The disinvestment campaign , after being realized in federal legislation enacted in 1986 by the United States , is credited by some as pressuring the South African Government to embark on negotiations ultimately leading to the dismantling of the Apartheid system .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
She was the last British monarch of the House of Hanover .
Styles will make his acting debut in the war film Dunkirk in July 2017 .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
Hannibal Barca  ( Punic language : ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ `` ð $ ' , Q-R-B L-A - ' - A-B-N-Ḥ ; 247 -- between 183 and 181 BC )  , was a Carthaginian general , considered one of the greatest military commanders in history .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
Stephen John Coogan  ( born 14 October 1965 )  is an Irish-English actor , stand-up comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Kevin Wayne Durant  ( born September 29 , 1988 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
The album , building off the foundations laid by the band 's debut album Core , was a huge success for the band , debuting at # 1 on the Billboard 200 chart and remaining there for three weeks , eventually selling over six million copies .
The seat of Eurojust is in The Hague .
Trump 's father , Frederick , died when Trump was 13 years old .
Her second studio album , My Best Friend Is You , was released in 2010 and reached the top 10 in both the UK and Germany .
Tardigrades can be found throughout the world , from the Himalayas  ( above 6000 m )  , to the deep sea  ( below 4000 m )  and from the polar regions to the equator .
The President of the Russian Federation  (  [ Президент Российской Федерации , r = Prezident Rossiiskoi Federatsii ]  )  is the elected head of state , Supreme Commander-in-Chief and holder of the highest office within the Russian Federation .
Born and raised in California , she was discovered by South Korean entertainment agency S.M. Entertainment at the age of fifteen and subsequently moved to South Korea .
Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin  (  [ ˈstɑːlɪn ]  18 December 1878 -- 5 March 1953 )  was a Soviet revolutionary , politician and political theorist .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
The White Sox won the 1906 World Series with a defense-oriented team dubbed `` the Hitless Wonders '' , and the 1917 World Series led by Eddie Cicotte , Eddie Collins , and Shoeless Joe Jackson .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10 % of Texas ' land area is desert .
It was formed by the Canary hotspot .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
The unified kingdom of Denmark emerged in the 10th century as a proficient seafaring nation in the struggle for control of the Baltic Sea .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
Iceland  (  [ ˈaɪslənd ]   [ ˈistlant ]  )  is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic Ocean .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
It recounts the story of a rugby league footballer , Frank Machin , in Wakefield , a mining area of Yorkshire , whose romantic life is not as successful as his sporting life .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
Adam Keefe Horovitz  ( born October 31 , 1966 )  , better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock , is an American musician , guitarist , rapper , producer , and actor .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
Jesus was a Galilean Jew who was baptized by John the Baptist and subsequently began his own ministry , preaching his message orally and often being referred to as `` rabbi '' .
Basic Instinct is a 1992 neo-noir erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas , and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone .
In 2014 , he starred in the title role in Hedwig and the Angry Inch on Broadway , for which he won the 2014 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical .
Other notable films he appeared in include Spellbound  ( 1945 )  , Roman Holiday  ( 1953 )  , Moby Dick  ( 1956 , and its 1998 miniseries )  , The Guns of Navarone  ( 1961 )  , Cape Fear  ( 1962 , and its 1991 remake )  , How the West Was Won  ( 1962 )  , The Omen  ( 1976 )  and The Boys from Brazil  ( 1978 )  .
Asset management , broadly defined , refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group .
Filmfare is an English-language , tabloid-sized magazine about Hindi-language cinema , popularly known as Bollywood .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
His poems are known for their irony , characterization , dark humour , social commentary , historical settings , and challenging vocabulary and syntax .
David Harbour  ( born April 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre .
Elsa Lafuente Medianu  ( born 18 July 1976 )  , known professionally as Elsa Pataky , is a Spanish model , actress , and film producer .
Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Hilary Swank  ( born July 30 , 1974 )  is an American actress and producer .
Following the Age of Discovery , Christianity spread to the Americas , Australasia , sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world through missionary work and colonization .
Lust for Life  ( 1956 )  is a MGM  ( Metrocolor )  biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin .
Gemma Christina Arterton  ( born 2 February 1986 )  is an English actress .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky , to a middle-class family , Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty .
The film is a love story between Bobby  ( Pacino )  , a young addict and small-time hustler , and Helen  ( Kitty Winn )  , a restless woman whom finds Bobby charismatic .
Other notable roles include her portrayal of the title character in the true crime drama Amanda Knox : Murder on Trial in Italy and Kirby Reed in the slasher film Scream 4 .
She later appeared in the coming of age drama Mermaids  ( 1990 )  , earning a Golden Globe nomination , and in the same year appeared alongside Johnny Depp in Burton 's dark fairy-tale Edward Scissorhands  ( 1990 )  , and shortly thereafter with Keanu Reeves in Francis Ford Coppola 's gothic romance Bram Stoker 's Dracula  ( 1992 )  .
The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
Terminology varies with country but investment funds are often referred to as investment pools , collective investment vehicles , collective investment schemes , managed funds , or simply funds .
On the day that Blair resigned as Prime Minister , he was appointed the official Special Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East , an office which he held until May 2015 .
He has married three times and is the father of five children .
It is a live-action film adaptation of E. C. Segar 's Popeye comic strip and stars Robin Williams as Popeye the Sailor Man and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl .
Matt Damon stars as an astronaut who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Christoph Waltz  (  [ ˈkrɪstɔf ˈvalts ]  ; born 4 October 1956 )  is an Austrian-German actor .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Dame Jean Iris Murdoch  (  [ ˈmɜrdɒk ]  15 July 1919 -- 8 February 1999 )  was an Anglo-Irish novelist and philosopher , best known for her novels about good and evil , sexual relationships , morality , and the power of the unconscious .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
It was the first Kuiper belt object to be discovered .
Rautela was crowned
The Georgia Institute of Technology  ( commonly referred to as Georgia Tech , Tech , or GT )  is a public research university in Atlanta , Georgia , in the United States .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
Henry VIII  ( 28 June 1491 -- 28 January 1547 )  was King of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .
He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers , especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  ( May 12 , 1907 -- June 29 , 2003 )  was an American actress .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
Atlantic City is a 1980 French-Canadian romantic crime film directed by Louis Malle .
The founder of Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions , she is best known as the creator of the television series Gilmore Girls , Bunheads , and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel .
Sindh also borders the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan to the east , and Arabian Sea to the south .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
William Denby `` Bill '' Hanna  ( July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 )  was an American animator , director , producer , voice actor , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
Joy is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film , written and directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence as Joy Mangano , about whom the story is loosely based as a self-made millionaire who created her own business empire .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
By November 2009 , over 6 million copies of the game were sold worldwide .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University , in California .
He appeared in several major film roles in the 1990s following Sling Blade , including Oliver Stone 's neo-noir U Turn  ( 1997 )  , political drama Primary Colors  ( 1998 )  , science fiction disaster film Armageddon  ( 1998 )  , which was the highest-grossing film of that year , and the crime drama A Simple Plan  ( 1998 )  , which earned him his third Academy Awards nomination .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
In 2016 , following her contribution to several side projects during the early part of her career , Tiffany became the second Girls ' Generation member to release a solo debut album , I Just Wan na Dance .
To the south it borders and merges into the Arabian Desert .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
At 3.8 million square miles  ( 9.8 million km2 )  and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous .
The film was inspired by Upton Sinclair 's novel Oil !
Between 2014 and 2015 , she released two solo singles and returned to acting in the network series Sons of Anarchy and Empire .
Rescue Me is an American comedy-drama television series that premiered on the FX on July 21 , 2004 and concluded on September 7 , 2011 .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
She made her film debut in the musical comedy Camp  ( 2003 )  .
The popularity of superheroes waned following the war and the Captain America comic book was discontinued in 1950 , with a short-lived revival in 1953 .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country 's armed forces .
Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues  ( 2015 )  , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters  ( 2016 )  .
He made his acting debut with the art house drama Mrigayaa  ( 1976 )  , for which he won his first National Film Award for Best Actor .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
He worked as a talent director at Uptown Records before founding his label Bad Boy Entertainment in 1993 .
The band 's Where We Are Tour in support of Midnight Memories and Four , was the highest-grossing concert tour in 2014 , and the highest-grossing tour ever by a vocal group , generating $ 282 million .
Xi Jinping  (  [ - cmnɕǐ tɕìn.pʰǐŋ ]  , ; born 15 June 1953 )  is the current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China , President of the People 's Republic of China , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
However , her popularity grew after she won the Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year in 2007 , which she won nine consecutive times .
Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 during the eighth series of the UK version of The X Factor .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
She ranks as one of the most popular First Ladies and in 1999 was named on Gallup 's list of Most Admired Men and Women in 20th-century America .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
James Joseph `` Whitey '' Bulger , Jr.  (  [ ˈbʌldʒə ]  born September 3 , 1929 )  is an Irish-American former organized crime boss of the Winter Hill Gang in Boston .
Two of his albums , The Gambler and Kenny , are featured in the About.com poll of `` The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever '' .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival .
Spain was the first European country to claim the area of Texas .
Shantel VanSanten  ( born July 25 , 1985 )  is an American model and actress .
Obama campaigned for her husband 's presidential bid throughout 2007 and 2008 , delivering a keynote address at the 2008 Democratic National Convention .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Norway  (  [ Norgehelp = no ]   ( Bokmål )  or  ( Nynorsk )  )  , officially the Kingdom of Norway , is a sovereign state and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard .
The number of new cases per year ranges from 1.2 -- 3.4 per 1,000 among healthy individuals to 3.9 -- 11.8 per 1,000 among those older than 65 years of age .
The film grossed a total of $ 402.1 million in the US and Canada and $ 434.2 million in other territories , for a total of $ 836.3 million worldwide .
It stars Gary Oldman , Joan Allen , Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater .
The Fall is the fourth studio album from British virtual band Gorillaz .
The film features an ensemble cast , consisting of Franco , Nat Wolff , Josh Hutcherson , Selena Gomez , Vincent D'Onofrio , Analeigh Tipton , Zach Braff , Bryan Cranston , Ed Harris , and Robert Duvall .
She became a sex symbol and rose to international recognition with her starring role as Catherine Tramell in another Verhoeven film , the erotic thriller Basic Instinct  ( 1992 )  , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama .
The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate  ( ایلخانان , Ilkhānān ; Хүлэгийн улс , Hulagu-yn Ulus )  , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
Sociology is the study of social behavior or society , including its origins , development , organization , networks , and institutions .
Khan went on to establish himself in Bollywood in the 1990s with roles in several top-grossing productions , including the romantic drama Hum Aapke Hain Koun .
Spider-Man premiered in the Philippines on April 30 , 2002 , and had its general release in the United States on May 3 , 2002 .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Founded in 2010 by Robert James Russell and Jeff Pfaller , Midwestern Gothic publishes both fiction , essays and poetry .
Christopher Maurice `` Chris '' Brown  ( born May 5 , 1989 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and dancer .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Since the show 's inception in 1963 , the character has been portrayed by twelve lead actors .
Paul William Walker IV  ( September 12 , 1973 -- November 30 , 2013 )  was an American actor .
It is now an imprint on both Bad Boy Records and Maybach Music Group .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
Richard Milhous Nixon  ( January 9 , 1913 -- April 22 , 1994 )  was an American politician who served as the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974 , when he became the only U.S. president to resign from office .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon .
Born to American parents in London and raised primarily in California , she rose to prominence in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' , which became the number one song of the year in several countries and attracted controversy over its purportedly sexist content .
Greenwich  (  [ ˈɡrɛnɪtʃ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪdʒ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪtʃ ]  or  [ ˈɡrɛnɪdʒ ]  )  is an early-established district of south east London , England , centred 5.5 miles  ( 8.9 km )  east south-east of Charing Cross .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Evan Rachel Wood  ( born September 7 , 1987 )  is an American actress and musician .
Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
This is the band 's first studio album since 2011 's I 'm with You .
Delmar Drew Arnaud  ( born May 25 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Daz Dillinger  ( formerly Dat Nigga Daz )  , is an American rapper and record producer from Long Beach , California .
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom that aired from January 11 , 1995 , to May 20 , 1999 , on The WB Television Network .
Adderall 's active ingredient , amphetamine , shares many chemical and pharmacological properties with the human trace amines , particularly phenethylamine and , the latter of which is a positional isomer of amphetamine .
Leslie Marian Uggams  ( born May 25 , 1943 )  is an American actress and singer .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
is a Japanese manga artist from Miyagi .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
The Carmichael Show is an American sitcom television series created by Nicholas Stoller , Jerrod Carmichael , Ari Katcher , and Willie Hunter that premiered on August 26 , 2015 , on NBC .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
Jun has also starred in television series My Love from the Star  ( 2013-2014 )  and The Legend of the Blue Sea  ( 2016-2017 )  .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia .
Although critics on the right denounced him as a communist terrorist and those on the radical left deemed him too eager to negotiate and reconcile with apartheid 's supporters , he gained international acclaim for his activism .
With Pink Floyd , he recorded four singles , their debut album  ( and contributed to the second one )  , and several unreleased songs .
Naomi Grace Scott  ( born 6 May 1993 )  is an English actress and singer .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Robert Browning  ( 7 May 1812 -- 12 December 1889 )  was an English poet and playwright whose mastery of the dramatic monologue made him one of the foremost Victorian poets .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower .
Before the game 's release on Steam , the company released the Potato Sack , a second multi-week alternate reality game , involving 13 independently developed titles which culminated in a distributed computing spoof to release Portal 2 several hours early .
The films take place in a fictional historical setting ; a world ruled by the British Empire , the East India Trading Company  ( based on the real East India Company )  , and the Spanish Empire , with pirates representing freedom from the ruling powers .
Iron Man 3  ( stylized onscreen as Iron Man Three )  is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The film stars Sigourney Weaver , Felicity Jones , Toby Kebbell , Lewis MacDougall , and Liam Neeson , and tells the story of Conor  ( MacDougal )  , a child whose mother  ( Jones )  is terminally ill ; one night , he is visited by a giant tree-like monster  ( Neeson )  , who states that he will come back and tell him three stories .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan .
Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard , a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an 8 × 8 grid .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
, `` Sorry '' , and `` Love Yourself '' .
They are the largest order of arachnids and rank seventh in total species diversity among all other orders of organisms .
Simpson , along with his producing partner Jerry Bruckheimer , produced such hit films as Flashdance  ( 1983 )  , Beverly Hills Cop  ( 1984 )  , Top Gun  ( 1986 )  , and The Rock  ( 1996 )  .
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field , at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket  ( a set of three wooden stumps )  at each end .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
George Tuska  ( April 26 , 1916 -- October 16 , 2009 )  , who early in his career used a variety of pen names including Carl Larson , was an American comic book and newspaper comic strip artist best known for his 1940s work on various Captain Marvel titles and the crime fiction series Crime Does Not Pay , for and his 1960s work illustrating Iron Man and other Marvel Comics characters .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
 (  [ jəˈmɑːhə ]  or  [ ˈjɑːməhə ]   [ jamaha ]  )  is a Japanese multinational corporation and conglomerate based in Japan with a very wide range of products and services , predominantly musical instruments , electronics , motorcycles and power sports equipment .
He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s , having appeared in several independent films , and later mainstream Hollywood films , including the Scream trilogy of horror films , Ransom  ( 1996 )  , Phantoms  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , The Omen  ( 2006 )  , X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Taking Woodstock  ( 2009 )  , Salt  ( 2010 )  , Goon  ( 2011 )  , Pawn Sacrifice  ( 2014 )  , and Spotlight  ( 2015 )  .
He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .
In 2016 , Wade departed the Heat in free agency to play for the Chicago Bulls .
The most common sign of infection is an expanding area of redness on the skin , known as erythema migrans , that begins at the site of a tick bite about a week after it has occurred .
It caused about 8.8 million deaths  ( 15.7 % )  of human deaths .
The team was established in 1946 as the Philadelphia Warriors based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , a founding member of the Basketball Association of America  ( BAA )  .
The film was released on October 21 , 2016 by 20th Century Fox , received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb , grossing $ 29 million against its $ 40 million budget .
`` 7 Things '' is a song by American singer-songwriter and actress Miley Cyrus .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
The eighth child of the Jackson family , Michael made his professional debut in 1964 with his elder brothers Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5 .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
They hunt small crabs , hermit crabs , shrimp , and other small crustaceans .
Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr.  ( also shortened to Indy )  is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
 ( 1952 )  , Julius Caesar  ( 1953 )  , The Wild One  ( 1953 )  , Guys and Dolls  ( 1955 )  , Sayonara  ( 1957 )  , Reflections in a Golden Eye  ( 1967 )  , Last Tango in Paris  ( 1972 )  , and Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
Terminator Genisys is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Alan Taylor and written by Laeta Kalogridis and Patrick Lussier .
Among the 208 episodes , there were only four directors : Pamela Fryman  ( 196 episodes )  , Rob Greenberg  ( 7 episodes )  , Michael Shea  ( 4 episodes )  , and Neil Patrick Harris  ( 1 episode )  .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Initially Deadpool was depicted as a supervillain when he made his first appearance in The New Mutants and later in issues of X-Force , but later evolved into his more recognizable antiheroic persona .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
Heard won an Emmy Award for guest starring on The Sopranos .
Music ranges from strictly organized compositions -- such as Classical music symphonies from the 1700s and 1800s , through to spontaneously played improvisational music such as jazz , and avant-garde styles of chance-based contemporary music from the 20th and 21st centuries .
Paul Thomas Anderson  ( born June 26 , 1970 )  also known as P.T. Anderson , is an American filmmaker .
Outlander is a British-American television drama series based on the historical time travel Outlander series of novels by Diana Gabaldon .
Manganiello has appeared in films such as Magic Mike , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , and Sabotage .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
The Wicked Witch of the West is a fictional character and the most significant antagonist in L. Frank Baum 's children 's book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz  ( 1900 )  .
Based on an idea that came to Martin while writing the 1981 novel Windhaven , Tyrion has been called one of the author 's finest creations and most popular characters by The New York Times .
He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia , as well as a Golden Globe , an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a People 's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
After some minor television roles , she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing  ( 1993 )  while still a student at the University of Oxford .
Following appearances in several television commercials , she entered the Miss India pageant , in which she placed second .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Born Naked is the seventh studio album from American singer-songwriter , actor and drag queen RuPaul .
Purple is the second studio album by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots , released on June 7 , 1994 by Atlantic Records .
Ryan Thomas Gosling  ( born November 12 , 1980 )  is a Canadian actor and musician .
Taylor Sheridan is an American actor , screenwriter , and director .
He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath , Alice Cooper , Lita Ford , Badlands , and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP .
Dustin Lee Hoffman  ( born August 8 , 1937 )  is an American actor and a director , with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1960 .
The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player .
It is the debut film of Illumination Entertainment .
His work is marked by lucid prose , awareness of social injustice , opposition to totalitarianism , and outspoken support of democratic socialism .
Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing over 20 million visitors per year .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
She portrayed Annie Edison in the NBC/Yahoo !
South Korea , officially the Republic of Korea  ( ROK ; )  , is a sovereign state in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
Patton Peter Oswalt  ( born January 27 , 1969 )  is an American stand-up comedian , writer , actor , and voice artist , known for roles such as Spencer Olchin in the sitcom The King of Queens  ( 1998 -- 2007 )  , voicing Remy in the film Ratatouille  ( 2007 )  , and playing multiple identical brothers , the Koenigs , on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  ( 2014 -- 17 )  .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
He won the March 2012 presidential election with 64 % of the vote , a result which aligned with pre-election polling .
Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot , while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy .
Born to a Russian Jewish family in Leningrad , Yelchin relocated to the United States , where he began performing in the late 1990s , appearing in several television and film roles , and received recognition in Hearts in Atlantis  ( 2001 )  .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor , but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
Unpredictable is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and actor Jamie Foxx .
In 1991 , he released a self-titled debut album and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States the following year .
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
It is the world 's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue , after Comcast .
It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film .
It recounts the struggles of boxer `` Midge '' Kelly fighting his own demons while working to achieve success in the boxing ring .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
Colloquially referred to as the New World , this second super continent came to be termed `` Americas '' , deriving its name from Americus , the Latin version of Vespucci 's first name .
While preparing for his comeback concert series , This Is It , Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication on June 25 , 2009 , after suffering from cardiac arrest .
The 1992 Los Angeles riots , also known as the Rodney King riots , the South Central riots , the 1992 Los Angeles civil disturbance , the 1992 Los Angeles civil unrest , and the Los Angeles uprising , were a series of riots , lootings , arsons , and civil disturbances that occurred in Los Angeles County , California in April and May 1992 .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
She was deeply embedded in the `` lace curtain '' Irish Catholic community in Boston , where her father was mayor .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom and the British Commonwealth , with campaigns including the North Africa and East Africa campaigns , the aerial Battle of Britain , the Blitz bombing campaign , the Balkan Campaign as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic .
Hunter Stockton Thompson  ( July 18 , 1937 -- February 20 , 2005 )  was an American journalist and author , and the founder of the gonzo journalism movement .
It is the 55th Disney animated feature film .
The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans , Mark Ruffalo , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Jeremy Renner , Tom Hiddleston , Clark Gregg , Cobie Smulders , Stellan Skarsgård , and Samuel L. Jackson .
He returned to wrestling part-time for WWE from 2011 to 2013 and continues to make sporadic non-wrestling appearances for the company .
Other notable television roles include Christine Campbell in The New Adventures of Old Christine , which had a five-season run on CBS , and her role as Selina Meyer in Veep , which has recently been renewed by HBO for a sixth season .
It premiered on July 24 , 2007 , on FX , and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010 , airing for two further seasons and concluding in 2012 .
It is one of the youngest of the major world religions .
Norovirus , sometimes referred to as the winter vomiting bug in the UK and Ireland , is the most common cause of viral gastroenteritis in humans .
The third installment of the Dhoom series , it features Aamir Khan as the antagonist and Katrina Kaif , with Abhishek Bachchan in the lead role reprising his role of ACP Jai Dixit and Uday Chopra reprising his role as Ali Akbar , as in the previous films of the franchise .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
The Messenger is a 2009 war drama film starring Ben Foster , Woody Harrelson , Samantha Morton , Steve Buscemi , and Jena Malone .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. .
Detroit Diesel Corporation  ( DDC )  is an American diesel engine manufacturer headquartered in Detroit , Michigan , United States and a subsidiary of Daimler Trucks North America , itself a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
Injustice 2 is a fighting video game developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. .
His music career began in 1992 when he was discovered by Dr. Dre of N.W.A , and as a result was prominently featured throughout Dr. Dre 's solo debut album , The Chronic  ( 1992 )  .
The locations used for Logan were mainly Louisiana , New Mexico and Mississippi .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
The Doctor is the title character and protagonist in the long-running BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who .
After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom and the British Commonwealth , with campaigns including the North Africa and East Africa campaigns , the aerial Battle of Britain , the Blitz bombing campaign , the Balkan Campaign as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic .
He has been nominated for three Academy Awards for his work in the films Primal Fear  ( 1996 )  , American History X  ( 1998 )  and Birdman  ( 2014 )  .
According to the Sunday Times Rich List , by April 2013 , they had an estimated personal combined wealth of # 25 million  ( $ 41.2 m )  making them the second-wealthiest musicians in the UK under 30 years of age .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Blind Faith was an English blues rock band , composed of Eric Clapton , Ginger Baker , Steve Winwood , and Ric Grech .
It reached its Golden Age of political and economic strength during the reign of King David IV and Queen Tamar the Great from 11th to 13th centuries .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
Sense8  ( a play on the word sensate  [ ˈsɛnseɪt ]  )  is an American science fiction drama web television series created by Lana and Lilly Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski for Netflix .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
Adrienne Eliza Houghton  ( née Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 )  is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality .
The film includes cameos by George Segal , David Cronenberg , author Maynard , and screenwriter Henry .
Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd AllāhFull name : Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim  ( ابو القاسم محمد ابن عبد الله ابن عبد المطلب ابن هاشم , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim )   ( محمد  [ muħammad ]  ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE )  is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables .
Produced by Afrojack , it was released on March 21 , 2011 , as the second single from Pitbull 's sixth studio album , Planet Pit  ( 2011 )  .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Glen Travis Campbell  ( born April 22 , 1936 )  is an American rock and country music singer , musician , songwriter , television host and actor .
Bryan Lee Cranston  ( born March 7 , 1956 )  is an American actor , voice actor , screenwriter , director and producer .
She began acting in the 1990s , appearing in several television series , including American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Once and Again  ( 1999 -- 2002 )  .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
She promotes various causes such as environment , health and education , and women 's rights and is particularly vocal about gender equality and feminism .
Leaving office in 1989 , Reagan held an approval rating of sixty-eight percent , matching those of Franklin D. Roosevelt , and later Bill Clinton , as the highest ratings for departing presidents in the modern era .
Charles II  ( 29 May 1630 -- 6 February 1685 )  was king of England , Scotland and Ireland .
He is often accompanied by his animal companions -- the wolves Geri and Freki and the ravens Huginn and Muninn , who bring him information from all over Midgard -- and rides the flying , eight-legged steed Sleipnir across the sky and into the underworld .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Michael Carlyle Hall  ( born February 1 , 1971 )  is an American actor , known for his role as Dexter Morgan , a serial killer and blood spatter analyst , in the Showtime TV Network series Dexter , and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series Six Feet Under .
PlayStation 4  ( PS4 )  is a line of home video game consoles developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
Released on August 2 , 2010 , it is the first single from their fourth studio album , A Thousand Suns , which was released on September 8 , 2010 .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Lily Jane Collins  ( born 18 March 1989 )  is a British-American actress and model .
In addition to acting in film , Kapoor has hosted the 16th IIFA Awards ceremony in 2015 and the seventh season of the television reality show Fear Factor : Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2016 .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
`` Purple Haze '' is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and released as the second record single by the Jimi Hendrix Experience on March 17 , 1967 .
Positioned below the rattlesnake are the words `` DONT TREAD ON ME '' .
Reuters transmits news in English , French , Arabic , Spanish , German , Italian , Portuguese , Russian , Japanese , Korean , Urdu , and Chinese .
It is the home of seven private and two public schools .
It premiered on August 11 , 1991 as one of the original three Nicktoons , along with Rugrats and Doug .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
Slovakia is a high-income advanced economy with a very high Human Development Index , a very high standard of living and performs favourably in measurements of civil liberties , press freedom , internet freedom , democratic governance and peacefulness .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
Since 2000 , each episode has typically been written and produced in the week preceding its broadcast , with Parker serving as the primary writer and director .
Today , several nations officially identify themselves as Christian states and/or have state churches , including Costa Rica , Denmark , England , Greece , Iceland , Liechtenstein , Monaco , Tonga , Tuvalu , Vatican City , and Zambia .
New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790 .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Anderson Hays Cooper  ( born June 3 , 1967 )  is an American journalist , television personality , and author .
After making her film debut as Kristina Jung in Blow  ( 2001 )  , Roberts gained recognition for her lead role as Addie Singer on the Nickelodeon television series Unfabulous  ( 2004 -- 07 )  .
The service was created by three former PayPal employees -- Chad Hurley , Steve Chen , and Jawed Karim -- in February 2005 .
They are based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien , with large portions of the trilogy inspired by the appendices to The Return of the King , which expand on the story told in The Hobbit , as well as new material and characters written especially for the films .
Baahubali 2 : The Conclusion , also known by the initialism BB2 , is a 2017 Indian historical fiction film co-written and directed by S. S. Rajamouli .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
While First Lady of the United States , Barbara Bush worked to advance the cause of universal literacy , and founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy .
Glen Travis Campbell  ( born April 22 , 1936 )  is an American rock and country music singer , musician , songwriter , television host and actor .
Alison Brie Franco  ( née Schermerhorn born December 29 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Alison Brie , is an American actress and producer .
The 1980s Lakers were nicknamed `` Showtime '' due to their Magic Johnson-led fast break-offense , and won five championships in a 9-year span , including their first ever Finals championship against the Celtics in 1985 .
In 1995 , Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman after a lengthy and internationally publicised trial .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
The capital , and largest city , is Baghdad .
Bale went on to receive greater commercial recognition for his starring role as Batman in Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins  ( 2005 )  , The Dark Knight  ( 2008 )  and The Dark Knight Rises  ( 2012 )  .
`` Timber '' is a song by American rapper Pitbull featuring American recording artist Kesha .
Newfoundland and Labrador  (  [ uːfənˈlænd ən ˈlæbrədɔːr ]  , Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador Akamassiss Newfoundland Irish : Talamh an Éisc agus Labradar )  is the most easterly province of Canada .
The Wayans Bros. is an American sitcom that aired from January 11 , 1995 , to May 20 , 1999 , on The WB Television Network .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
Ryder System , Inc. , or Ryder , is an American-based provider of transportation and supply chain management products , and is especially known for its fleet of rental trucks .
Gillian Leigh Anderson , OBE  ( born August 9 , 1968 )  , is an American-British film , television and theatre actress , activist and writer .
Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical sports true crime drama film produced and directed by Bennett Miller .
Cars Toons is a series of American computer-animated short films by Pixar .
Eugenio Canfari  ( 16 April 1877 -- 23 March 1962 )  was an early Italian football player from Genoa who played as a defender .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
In 2008 , The Times placed Dahl 16th on its list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo  (  [ ˈkɒŋɡəʊ ]   [ kɔ̃ɡo ]  ; République démocratique du Congo )  , also known as DR Congo , DRC , DROC , Congo-Kinshasa or simply the Congo , is a country located in Central Africa .
From 2006 to 2011 , he co-starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus .
The Pastry War , the Franco-Mexican War , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship occurred through the 19th century .
Wladimir Wladimirowitsch Klitschko  ( Володи́мир Володи́мирович Кличко́ , ; born 25 March 1976 )  is a Ukrainian professional boxer .
Serbia  (  [ ˈsɜrbiə ]  , Србија / Srbija ,  [ sř̩bija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Serbia  ( Република Србија / Republika Srbija )  , is a landlocked sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe , covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after defeating Senator Eugene McCarthy in the California and South Dakota presidential primaries , he was mortally wounded by Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old enraged Palestinian , and died the following day .
Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , the youngest of his siblings to be born , though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus 's stomach .
The tower 's steel structure was topped out on August 30 , 2012 .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
The Fifth Element  ( Le Cinquième Élément )  is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson .
Today , several nations officially identify themselves as Christian states and/or have state churches , including Costa Rica , Denmark , England , Greece , Iceland , Liechtenstein , Monaco , Tonga , Tuvalu , Vatican City , and Zambia .
Andrew John Leonard Fletcher  ( born 8 July 1961 )  , popularly known as `` Fletch '' , is an English keyboard player and founding member of the electronic band Depeche Mode .
It was directed by Steve Binder and produced by Binder and Bones Howe .
Slovakia is also a member of the Schengen Area , NATO , the United Nations , the OECD , the WTO , CERN , the OSCE , the Council of Europe and the Visegrád Group .
Since the 1960s , the country has suffered from an asymmetric low-intensity armed conflict , which escalated in the 1990s but then decreased from 2005 onward .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
It was written by Freddie Mercury for the band 's 1975 album A Night at the Opera .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
He gained national attention as the chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee from 1957 to 1959 , where he publicly challenged Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa over the corrupt practices of its union and authored The Enemy Within , a book about corruption in organized labor .
John Kiffmeyer  ( born July 11 , 1969 )  , known professionally in music as Al Sobrante , is an American musician , best known as the former drummer for the punk rock band Green Day .
After achieving success as a songwriter for others , Dolly Parton made her album debut in 1967 , with her album Hello , I 'm Dolly .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
He became famous as a child actor for his role as Kevin McCallister in the family comedy Home Alone  ( 1990 )  and its sequel Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York  ( 1992 )  .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling  ( UPW )  and won the UPW Heavyweight Championship the following year .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
The films are the longest continually running film series of all time and have grossed over $ 7.040 billion in total , making it the fourth-highest-grossing film series to date , which started in 1962 with Dr. No , starring Sean Connery as Bond .
He has married three times and is the father of five children .
The film was produced by Hitchcock and Sidney Bernstein as the first of their Transatlantic Pictures productions .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Directed by Joe Chappelle with a screenplay by Koontz , the film stars Peter O'Toole , Rose McGowan , Joanna Going , Liev Schreiber , Ben Affleck , Nicky Katt , and Clifton Powell .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
The books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .
He has also appeared in a number of films , including the 2006 Academy Award-nominated United 93 , in which his portrayal of Mark Bingham earned him the Boston Society of Film Critics 2006 award for Best Ensemble Cast .
The Ring magazine previously ranked Broner as the fifth best boxer in the world , pound for pound , in December 2012 .
IPT is based on the principle that relationships and life events impact mood and that the reverse is also true .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
It is a reboot of the 1981 Canadian slasher film of the same name .
Zhou served along with Chairman Mao Zedong and was instrumental in the Communist Party 's rise to power , and later in consolidating its control , forming foreign policy , and developing the Chinese economy .
The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier , Christian Bale as Alfred Borden , and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla .
Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight .
The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters .
In March 2012 , he was listed by Forbes magazine as one of the richest Russians with an estimated fortune of $ 1.1 billion .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
The novel won the 1997 Locus Award and was nominated for both the 1997 Nebula Award and the 1997 World Fantasy Award .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 .
LeBron Raymone James  (  [ ləˈbrɒn ]  born December 30 , 1984 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
Lauren Zoe `` Laurie '' Hernandez  ( born June 9 , 2000 )  is an American artistic gymnast .
The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Carole King  ( born Carol Joan Klein , February 9 , 1942 )  is an American composer and singer-songwriter .
He is the son of Hiroo Johar and the acclaimed producer Yash Johar .
He has been featured in a number of documentaries and hosted television shows .
No fungi , plants , or animals  ( including humans )  are capable of producing vitamin B12 .
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewen Burke  ( born 25 August 1988 )  is a British singer-songwriter and voice actor .
It received numerous accolades , including Academy Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay and Best Film Editing .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
In Hebrew-language texts , the term lilith or lilit  ( translated as `` night creatures '' , `` night monster '' , `` night hag '' , or `` screech owl '' )  first occurs in a list of animals in Isaiah 34:14 , either in singular or plural form according to variations in the earliest manuscripts .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
After singing in church during her childhood , she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager .
Frank is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse , released on 20 October 2003 by Island Records .
Starbucks was founded in Seattle , Washington in 1971 .
Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written , produced and directed by Cameron Crowe , and stars Tom Cruise , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger .
Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London .
Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards .
The North Vietnamese army was supported by the Soviet Union , China and other communist allies and the South Vietnamese army was supported by the United States , South Korea , Australia , Thailand and other anti-communist allies .
The South Wales Valleys  ( Cymoedd De Cymru )  are a number of industrialised valleys in South Wales .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Famous Amsterdam residents include the diarist Anne Frank , artists Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh , and philosopher Baruch Spinoza .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
Not all tumors are cancerous ; benign tumors do not spread to other parts of the body .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
Following a successful modeling career in New York during the 1970s , Basinger moved to Los Angeles where she began her acting career on television in 1976 .
She has also appeared in Red Dwarf as Pete Tranter 's sister and Murder in Mind .
Blink-182  ( often stylized as blink-182 ; pronounced `` blink one eighty two '' )  is an American rock band formed in Poway , California in 1992 .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
He is currently playing a District Attorney named Blake Tower in the Marvel 's series Daredevil .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
He 's best known for his slapstick comedy roles in Malayalam cinema and he is the Richest superstar and third highest paid actor of malayalm cinema .
There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic historical drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano .
Jon is portrayed by Kit Harington on the HBO series Game of Thrones .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
The release of their fourth studio album saw a decline in sales for the band , though was still fairly successful .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
She has sold over 17.9 million albums in the United States as of 2014 and 50 million albums worldwide as of 2015 .
Rupert Wyatt  ( born 26 October 1972 )  is an English screenwriter , director , and producer .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , released on March 25 , 1997 , on Bad Boy Records .
Keneti James Fitzgerald `` KJ '' Apa  ( born 16 June 1997 )  is a New Zealand actor .
1 )  is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Born in Ladera Heights , California , he rose to prominence as the leader and co-founder of the alternative hip hop collective Odd Future and has rapped on and produced songs for nearly every Odd Future release .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
However , Audi USA had used the slogan `` Truth in Engineering '' from 2007 to 2016 , and has not used the slogan since 2016 .
Bentley Motors Limited  (  [ ˈbɛntli ]  )  is a British manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and SUVs -- and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG since 1998 .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
He appears in the first season as Ann Perkins ' unemployed slacker boyfriend , then takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall in the second season .
It is also the basis for the first season of Game of Thrones , an HBO television series that premiered in April 2011 .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
Jeffrey Perry  ( born August 16 , 1955 )  is an American actor of stage , television , and film .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
Over 120 colleges and universities are located in New York City , including Columbia University , New York University , and Rockefeller University , which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
In January 2014 , the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on July 26 , 2015 .
The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , she separated from her third husband , actor Brad Pitt , in September 2016 .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Eric Singer  ( born Eric Doyle Mensinger ; May 12 , 1958 )  is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer , best known as a member of Kiss , portraying The Catman originally played by Peter Criss .
His first EP One of a Kind  ( 2012 )  was critically acclaimed and yielded `` One of a Kind '' , `` Crayon '' , and the number-one `` That XX '' , earning Record of the Year at the 22nd Seoul Music Awards .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
Jane Eyre is a 2011 British romantic drama film directed by Cary Fukunaga and starring Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender .
The show was created by Matthew Carnahan and produced by Coquette Productions and ABC Studios .
The Divergent Series : Allegiant is a 2016 American action adventure film directed by Robert Schwentke with a screenplay by Bill Collage , Adam Cooper , and Noah Oppenheim .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
In its purest form , it is a bright , slightly reddish yellow , dense , soft , malleable , and ductile metal .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
The films take place in the fictional world of Middle-earth sixty years before the beginning of The Lord of the Rings , and follow hobbit Bilbo Baggins  ( Martin Freeman )  , who is convinced by the wizard Gandalf the Grey  ( Ian McKellen )  to accompany thirteen dwarves , led by Thorin Oakenshield  ( Richard Armitage )  , on a quest to reclaim the Lonely Mountain from the dragon Smaug  ( voiced by Benedict Cumberbatch )  .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
The city proper has since expanded past its original borders through amalgamation with surrounding municipalities at various times in its history to its current area of 630.2 km2 .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
Known for her fierce independence and spirited personality , Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years .
She was born in Skopje  ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia )  , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 .
On July 9 , 2015 , Teen Wolf was renewed for a sixth season of 20 episodes , which premiered on November 15 , 2016 .
The miniseries was written and directed by John Kent Harrison and aired in the United States on the CBS network on 4 and 7 December 2005 .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
It includes some of the most familiar species of sharks , such as the great white shark , as well as more unusual representatives , such as the goblin shark and the megamouth shark .
Created by Bob Kane , David Wood , and Sheldon Moldoff , the character first appeared in Batman # 121  ( February 1959 )  , where he was known as Mr. Zero .
The region is traditionally described as eight counties , based on demographics and economic ties : Imperial , Los Angeles , Orange , Riverside , San Bernardino , San Diego , Santa Barbara , and Ventura .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam Raimi , Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent .
The original early 19th-century interior designs , many of which survive , include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis , on the advice of Sir Charles Long .
It is notable for the introduction of the character Tigger .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Eric Singer  ( born Eric Doyle Mensinger ; May 12 , 1958 )  is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer , best known as a member of Kiss , portraying The Catman originally played by Peter Criss .
Gopalkrishna Devdas Gandhi  ( born April 22 , 1946 )  is a retired IAS officer and diplomat , who was the 22nd Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009 .
The series stars Bella Thorne , Charlie DePew , Georgie Flores , Carter Jenkins , Niki Koss , Keith Powers , Pepi Sonuga , and Perrey Reeves .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
She has frequently collaborated with director Tim Burton ; in Planet of the Apes  ( 2001 )  , Big Fish  ( 2003 )  , Corpse Bride  ( 2005 )  , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory  ( 2005 )  , Mrs. Lovett in Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street  ( 2007 )  , Dark Shadows  ( 2012 )  , and playing the Red Queen in Alice in Wonderland  ( 2010 )  and its sequel Alice Through the Looking Glass  ( 2016 )  .
Kelly has released 12 solo studio albums , and sold over 100 million records worldwide making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s .
Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman .
He pitched the film to Pixar after the box office disappointment of his first feature , The Iron Giant  ( 1999 )  , and carried over much of its staff to develop The Incredibles .
Rodman Edward `` Rod '' Serling  ( December 25 , 1924 -- June 28 , 1975 )  was an American screenwriter , playwright , television producer , and narrator known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science-fiction anthology TV series , The Twilight Zone .
Nicole Elizabeth `` Snooki '' LaValle  ( née Polizzi ; born November 23 , 1987 )  is an American reality television personality , author , dancer and professional wrestler who is best known for being a cast member of the MTV reality show Jersey Shore and starring in Snooki & Jwoww .
Gyllenhaal received further recognition for roles in Zodiac  ( 2007 )  , Brothers  ( 2009 )  , Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time  ( 2010 )  , Love & Other Drugs  ( 2010 )  , for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy , Source Code  ( 2011 )  , End of Watch  ( 2012 )  , Prisoners , Enemy  ( both 2013 )  , Nightcrawler  ( 2014 )  , Southpaw  ( 2015 )  and Nocturnal Animals  ( 2016 )  .
With the exception of the 2007 songs `` All My Life '' and `` Christmas in Fallujah '' , Joel stopped writing and releasing pop/rock material after 1993 's River of Dreams .
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
Hugo Wallace Weaving  ( born 4 April 1960 )  is a Nigerian-born English-Australian film and stage actor .
The film was released in the United States on May 26 , 1995 .
Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones  ( 2011 -- present )  , which brought her international recognition and critical praise .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
It occupies the western three-eighths of the island , which it shares with the Dominican Republic .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
The Georgia Institute of Technology  ( commonly referred to as Georgia Tech , Tech , or GT )  is a public research university in Atlanta , Georgia , in the United States .
Laadla  ( translation : The Beloved Son )  is a Bollywood film released on 17 April 1994 , starring Sridevi , Anil Kapoor and Raveena Tandon .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
She is mostly known for her starring role as Blair Waldorf in the drama series Gossip Girl  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
The English word dragon and Latin word draco derives from Greek δράκων  ( drákōn )  , `` dragon , serpent of huge size , water-snake '' .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
The wendigo may appear as a monster with some characteristics of a human , or as a spirit who has possessed a human being and made them become monstrous .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
William Henry Gates III  ( born October 28 , 1955 )  is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .
A boycott is an act of voluntary and intentional abstention from using , buying , or dealing with a person , organization , or country as an expression of protest , usually for social , political , or environmental reasons .
China was a major economic power and attracted many to the east , and for many the legendary wealth and prosperity of the ancient culture of India personified Asia , attracting European commerce , exploration and colonialism .
Whiplash is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle , depicting the relationship between an ambitious jazz student  ( Miles Teller )  and an aggressive instructor  ( J. K. Simmons )  .
It commemorates Major General Benedict Arnold 's service at the Battles of Saratoga in the Continental Army , but contrives not to name him .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
In HBO 's adaptation of the series , Game of Thrones , Sansa Stark is played by Sophie Turner .
Soon after he launched his first high-end restaurant , Jamie 's Italian , in Oxford in 2008 and hosted a TED Talk winning him the 2010 TED Prize .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
Other films include High Noon  ( 1952 )  with Gary Cooper , Dial M for Murder  ( 1954 )  with Ray Milland , Rear Window  ( 1954 )  with James Stewart , To Catch a Thief  ( 1955 )  with Cary Grant , and High Society  ( 1956 )  with Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby .
In the 2000s , Cruise starred in a number of successful films , including the science fiction thrillers Vanilla Sky  ( 2001 )  and Minority Report  ( 2002 )  , the epic war film The Last Samurai  ( 2003 )  , the crime film Collateral  ( 2004 )  , the science fiction disaster thriller War of the Worlds  ( 2005 )  , and the historical thriller Valkyrie  ( 2008 )  .
Horseshoe Falls , also known as Canadian Falls , is one of three waterfalls which collectively form Niagara Falls on the Niagara River along the Canada-US Border .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Social anxiety disorder  ( SAD )  , also known as social phobia , is an anxiety disorder characterized by a significant amount of fear in one or more social situations , causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life .
James Paul Marsden  ( born September 18 , 1973 )  is an American actor , singer and former Versace model .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
Fences is a 2016 American period drama film directed by and starring Denzel Washington and written by August Wilson , based on his Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name  ( Wilson died in 2005 , but completed a screenplay before his death )  .
Frederick Aaron `` Fred '' Savage  ( born July 9 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
Many victims were said to have been killed in a mixed-use building he owned , located about 3 mi west of the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair and said to have been a World 's Fair Hotel , though evidence suggests that the hotel portion was never truly open for business .
During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .
It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26 , 2016 , as the third single from the album .
No Escape is a 2015 American action film directed by John Erick Dowdle , who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother , Drew Dowdle .
Released in 1967 , the LP was an immediate critical and commercial success , and it is widely regarded as one of the greatest debuts in the history of rock music .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
Zootopia  ( known as Zootropolis in some territories )  is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated buddy comedy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Andrew G. Kaufman  ( January 17 , 1949 -- May 16 , 1984 )  was an American entertainer , actor , writer , performance artist and professional wrestler .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
Following two successful years at Georgetown , Iverson declared eligibility for the 1996 NBA draft , and was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the first overall pick .
Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war drama film set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II .
Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize .
`` San Junipero '' is the fourth episode of the third series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
Initially Deadpool was depicted as a supervillain when he made his first appearance in The New Mutants and later in issues of X-Force , but later evolved into his more recognizable antiheroic persona .
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized , long-range , narrow-body , four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979 .
Sir Roger George Moore ,  (  [ mɔər ]  14 October 1927 -- 23 May 2017 )  was an English actor .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Young has also appeared in film in acting roles and cameo appearances and has appeared in several television programs .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
Produced by Walt Disney Pictures , Aamir Khan Productions and UTV Motion Pictures , it stars Aamir Khan as Mahavir Singh Phogat , an amateur wrestler , who trains his daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari to be world-class wrestlers , both of who go on to win medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
In 1988 , he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth-best American rock band in history .
Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
It is the eighth film produced by Pixar and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird , who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005 .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
A hate group is a social group that advocates and practices hatred , hostility , or violence towards members of a race , ethnicity , nation , religion , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The Gadsden flag is a historical American flag with a yellow field depicting a rattlesnake coiled and ready to strike .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
He is also known for his roles in Uncle Buck  ( 1989 )  , My Girl  ( 1991 )  , The Good Son  ( 1993 )  , The Pagemaster  ( 1994 )  , Richie Rich  ( 1994 )  , Party Monster  ( 2003 )  , and the music video for Michael Jackson 's `` Black or White '' .
`` Everybody Needs a Best Friend '' is a song from the 2012 feature film Ted , with music composed by Walter Murphy and lyrics by Seth MacFarlane .
His work has had a considerable influence on mathematics , logic , set theory , linguistics , artificial intelligence , cognitive science , computer science  ( see type theory and type system )  , and philosophy , especially the philosophy of language , epistemology , and metaphysics .
Under the principle of `` one country , two systems '' , Hong Kong maintains a separate political and economic system from China .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Bradford became a municipal borough in 1847 , and received its charter as a city in 1897 .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
Due to its performing below expectations , all subsequent installments were cancelled and a new iteration of the character , portrayed by Tom Holland , appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , beginning with the 2016 film Captain America : Civil War .
As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film The Piano  ( 1993 )  , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role .
Broderick Stephen `` Steve '' Harvey  ( born January 17 , 1957 )  is an American comedian , television host , producer , radio personality , actor , and author .
The company 's first film was The Assassination of Richard Nixon  ( 2004 )  .
He has been married to Victoria Beckham since 1999 and they have four children .
Sons of Anarchy is an American crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter , which aired from 2008 to 2014 .
Financial crimes may involve additional criminal acts , such as computer crime , elder abuse , burglary , armed robbery , and even violent crime such as robbery or murder .
Foo Fighters is an American rock band , formed in Seattle , Washington in 1994 .
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
The Reader is a 2008 German-American romantic drama film directed by Stephen Daldry and written by David Hare , based on the 1995 German novel of the same name by Bernhard Schlink .
Love Actually is a 2003 Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis .
He has appeared in a number of films in the 1990s , including the sports film Rudy  ( 1993 )  , the sci-fi adventure dinosaur film The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , and the drama-thriller Return to Paradise  ( 1998 )  .
DeSimone was a grandson and nephew of Los Angeles mob bosses Rosario DeSimone and Frank DeSimone , respectively .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Over the course of three more voyages , he visited the Greater and Lesser Antilles , as well as the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and Central America , claiming all of it for the Crown of Castile .
She played her first cricket international in July 2007 before earning her first soccer cap for Australia a month later .
Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster film directed by Guillermo del Toro , and starring Charlie Hunnam , Idris Elba , Rinko Kikuchi , Charlie Day , Burn Gorman , Robert Kazinsky , Max Martini and Ron Perlman .
The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .
The son of Romani witch Cynthia Von Doom , Doctor Doom traditionally has been the archenemy of the Fantastic Four , and the leader of the fictional nation of Latveria .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance , Ben Coccio , and Darius Marder .
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts , less than 10 % of Texas ' land area is desert .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .
A range of occupations , including : software developer , web developer , mobile applications developer , embedded firmware developer , software engineer , computer scientist , or software analyst , while they do involve programming , also require a range of other skills .
From 1996 to 1998 , Yates is known to have murdered at least 13 women , all of whom were sex workers working on Spokane 's `` Skid Row '' on E. Sprague Avenue .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
It was the first atomic bomb to be used in warfare .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
He is renowned as one of the most consistent players on the tour , having earned over $ 30 million in prize money and recorded over 80 top-10 finishes .
W. Axl Rose  ( born William Bruce Rose Jr. ; raised as William Bruce Bailey ; February 6 , 1962 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and musician .
It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , selling 310,000 copies in its opening week and reached high positions on charts worldwide .
The screenplay was written by Patrick Marber and the film was directed by Richard Eyre and starred Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married .
Brian Thomas Helgeland  ( born January 17 , 1961 )  is an American screenwriter , film producer and director .
Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Leslie Howard  ( born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 )  was an English stage and film actor , director and producer .
Moore 's total of 108 caps continued as a record for outfield players until 28 March 2009 , when David Beckham gained his 109th cap .
Margaret Osborne duPont  ( born Margaret Evelyn Osborne ; March 4 , 1918 -- October 24 , 2012 )  was a World No. 1 American female tennis player .
The Bourne Supremacy is a 2004 American-German action spy thriller film starring Robert Ludlum 's Jason Bourne character .
Until Dawn was met with a positive critical response upon release , with praise directed at the visuals , ` choice ' mechanic , horror elements , music , characters , voice acting , and gameplay design .
NSYNC  ( sometimes stylized as * NSYNC or 'N Sync )  was an American boy band formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich .
With over 100 Premier League clean sheets , Hart holds the record for the most Premier League Golden Glove awards  ( four )  and has amassed 70 international caps since his debut in 2008 .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
Within the series ' narrative , the Doctor is a time travelling , humanoid alien from a race known as the Time Lords .
He is the author of Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , which was published in March 2009 , and the book Straight Talk , No Chaser : How to Find and Keep a Man .
Chester Charles Bennington  ( born March 20 , 1976 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
The Olympic Games are considered the world 's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating .
New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south and Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Vermont to the east .
Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot , while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy .
`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad  ( 2007 )  .
Directed by Bryan Singer , it is the seventh installment of the X-Men film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand and 2011 's X-Men : First Class .
The Secret Life of Us is a three-time silver Logie Award-winning Australian television drama series set in the beachside suburb of St Kilda , Melbourne , Australia .
Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa .
Austria 's defeat by Prussia at the Battle of Königgrätz , during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 , cleared the way for Prussia to assert control over the rest of Germany .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
From the seven novels , there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe  ( 2005 )  , Prince Caspian  ( 2008 )  and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader  ( 2010 )  -- which have grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide among them .
He has been married to Victoria Beckham since 1999 and they have four children .
Their third studio album , The Suburbs , was released in 2010 to critical acclaim and commercial success .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Despicable Me is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy film from Universal Pictures and Illumination Entertainment that was released on July 9 , 2010 in the United States .
War of the Worlds is a 2005 American science fiction disaster film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp , loosely based on the novel of the same title by H. G. Wells .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
The same year , she starred as Fantine in Tom Hooper 's Les Misérables , which earned her widespread acclaim and she won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and SAG Awards for Best Supporting Actress .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
His recent films include the horror film The Woman in Black  ( 2012 )  , playing beat poet Allen Ginsberg in the independent film Kill Your Darlings  ( 2013 )  , science fiction fantasy Victor Frankenstein  ( 2015 )  and comedy-drama Swiss Army Man , heist thriller film Now You See Me 2 and thriller Imperium  ( all 2016 )  .
Boston Legal is an American legal dramedy created by David E. Kelley and produced in association with 20th Century Fox Television for ABC .
A red , flat rash which usually starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body typically begins three to five days after the start of symptoms .
Jack Reacher  ( formerly called One Shot , or alternatively known as Jack Reacher : One Shot )  is a 2012 American action thriller film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie , based on Lee Child 's 2005 novel One Shot .
She is mostly known for her starring role as Blair Waldorf in the drama series Gossip Girl  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
The third installment , The Divergent Series : Allegiant  ( 2016 )  , grossed $ 179 million .
He was the Republican nominee for the 2008 U.S. presidential election .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
She starred from 1977 to 1981 on the ABC series Eight is Enough , before going on to win the 1983 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role as Grizabella in the original Broadway production of Cats .
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 .
He is considered to have been a central figure of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his sophomore album My Way  ( 1997 )  , which spawned his first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number-one single , `` Nice & Slow '' , amongst top-two singles `` You Make Me Wan na ... '' and `` My Way '' .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
The Greenland shark  ( Somniosus microcephalus )  , also known as the gurry shark , or grey shark , or by the Inuit name eqalussuaq , is a large shark of the family Somniosidae  ( `` sleeper sharks '' )  , closely related to the Pacific and southern sleeper sharks .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
Kristofferson composed his own songs and collaborated with Nashville songwriters such as Shel Silverstein .
Evans also portrayed the vampire Dracula in the character 's film origin story , Dracula Untold .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
Studio Pierrot is renowned for several worldwide popular anime series , such as Naruto , Bleach , Yu Yu Hakusho , Tokyo Ghoul , Beelzebub , Great Teacher Onizuka and several others .
In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 .
At the peak of his career between the ages of 15 and 25 , he made forty-three films , which made him one of MGM 's most consistently successful actors and a favorite of studio head Louis B. Mayer .
Indian was selected by India as its entry for the Best Foreign Language Film for the Academy Awards in 1996 , but was not nominated .
However , his legacy was quickly cut short when he was shot on September 6 , 1901 by Leon Czolgosz , a second-generation Polish-American with anarchist leanings ; McKinley died eight days later , and was succeeded by his Vice President Theodore Roosevelt .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , released on March 25 , 1997 , on Bad Boy Records .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
Matthew Robert `` Matt '' Smith  ( born 28 October 1982 )  is an English actor .
The law of value  ( German : Wertgesetz )  is a central concept in Karl Marx 's critique of political economy , first expounded in his polemic The Poverty of Philosophy  ( 1847 )  against Pierre-Joseph Proudhon , with reference to David Ricardo 's economics.See Marx , The Poverty of Philosophy , chapter 1 part 2 where Marx refers to Proudhon 's own `` law of value '' and chapter 3 , titled `` Application of the Law of the Proportionality of Value '' .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
He was born in Halifax , West Yorkshire , and raised in Framlingham , Suffolk .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
In 1968 , following a seven-year break from live performances , he returned to the stage in the acclaimed televised comeback special Elvis , which led to an extended Las Vegas concert residency and a string of highly profitable tours .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Scott Hicks .
By the jötunn Angrboða , Loki is the father of Hel , the wolf Fenrir , and the world serpent Jörmungandr .
Jon Snow is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union , abbreviated in English as CPSU , was the founding and ruling political party of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics  ( USSR or Soviet Union )  .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
Hitman is a 2007 French-American-British action-thriller film directed by Xavier Gens and based on the video game series of the same name .
In 2003 , he won his second National Film Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Bhagat Singh in Rajkumar Santoshi 's biopic The Legend of Bhagat Singh .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
The device was part of the iPhone series and was unveiled on September 10 , 2013 , and released on September 20 , 2013 , along with its higher-end counterpart , the iPhone 5S .
Anne Marie Cancelmi  ( born July 31 , 1975 )  , known professionally as Annie Parisse , is an American actress .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
She then appeared in British costume dramas such as Prince of Jutland  ( 1994 )  , Cold Comfort Farm  ( 1995 )  , Emma  ( 1996 )  , and The Golden Bowl  ( 2000 )  , in addition to various stage and radio productions .
Common side effects include : constipation , itchiness and nausea , among others .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
She studied acting at Howard University and began her Hollywood career in guest-roles on several television shows before making her breakthrough in Baby Boy  ( 2001 )  .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Along with her brother Derek Hough  ( who is a six-time winner of the dancing show )  and Tessandra Chavez , she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography in 2015 .
In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States .
He was one of the thirteen men who founded Juventus in 1897 and the club 's first ever president .
He made his directorial debut with the 2008 film The Escapist , which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival .
Katharine Houghton Hepburn  ( May 12 , 1907 -- June 29 , 2003 )  was an American actress .
It was released in November 1970 on his triple album All Things Must Pass .
is a Japanese manga and game artist .
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
Goat Island is connected to the U.S. mainland by two bridges carrying foot , car , and trackless train traffic , and to the smaller Luna Island  ( adjacent to the American Falls )  by a pedestrian bridge .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs of a major male superhero , and predates the introduction of Superman 's female cousin Supergirl  ( also created by Otto Binder )  by more than a decade .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
Born and raised in the Austrian Empire , Tesla received an advanced education in engineering and physics in the 1870s and gained practical experience in the early 1880s working in telephony and at Continental Edison in the new electric power industry .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
The state has the highest media exposure in India with newspapers publishing in nine languages , mainly English and Malayalam .
Anderson Hays Cooper  ( born June 3 , 1967 )  is an American journalist , television personality , and author .
It was released on 17 September 2013 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , on 18 November 2014 for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One , and on 14 April 2015 for Microsoft Windows .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
Evolution is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records .
John Gavin Malkovich  ( born December 9 , 1953 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
His fourth studio album Purpose was released in November 2015 , spawning three number one singles : `` What Do You Mean ? ''
The New York Times  ( sometimes abbreviated NYT and The Times )  is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by The New York Times Company .
He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s , having appeared in several independent films , and later mainstream Hollywood films , including the Scream trilogy of horror films , Ransom  ( 1996 )  , Phantoms  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , The Omen  ( 2006 )  , X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Taking Woodstock  ( 2009 )  , Salt  ( 2010 )  , Goon  ( 2011 )  , Pawn Sacrifice  ( 2014 )  , and Spotlight  ( 2015 )  .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Her legacy survives in numerous works of art and many dramatizations of incidents from her life in literature and other media , such as William Shakespeare 's tragedy Antony and Cleopatra , George Frideric Handel 's opera Giulio Cesare , George Bernard Shaw 's play Caesar and Cleopatra , Jules Massenet 's opera Cléopâtre , and the films Cleopatra  ( 1934 )  and Cleopatra  ( 1963 )  .
Being a city university , it does not have a main campus ; instead , its buildings and facilities are scattered throughout the city centre .
The series is based on A Game of Thrones , the first novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin , adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
James Earl Carter Jr.  ( born October 1 , 1924 )  is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
Julie Frances Christie  ( born 14 April 1940 )  is an English actress .
Harald married Sonja Haraldsen in 1968 , with their relationship initially being controversial due to her status as a commoner .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
He is the son of the Titan Hyperion and the Titaness Theia  ( according to Hesiod )  , also known as Euryphaessa  ( in Homeric Hymn 31 )  and brother of the goddesses Selene , the moon , and Eos , the dawn .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
The film stars Alec Baldwin , Rory Culkin , and Emma Roberts .
The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , and the best-known and most commercially successful adaptation based on the 1900 novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum .
50 Cent was ranked the sixth-best artist of the 2000s and the third-best rapper  ( behind Eminem and Nelly )  by Billboard .
Schindler 's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian .
My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent adventure drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant , loosely based on Shakespeare 's Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V , and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves .
The film was screened at 2002 Cannes Film Festival and was also screened retrospective , during the 2014 International Film Festival of India in the Celebrating Dance in Indian cinema section .
Garner married Ben Affleck in 2005 , with whom she has three children ; they separated in 2015 and filed for divorce in April 2017 .
The series stars Bella Thorne , Charlie DePew , Georgie Flores , Carter Jenkins , Niki Koss , Keith Powers , Pepi Sonuga , and Perrey Reeves .
In November 2002 , he starred in the hip hop film 8 Mile , which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , for `` Lose Yourself '' , becoming the first rap artist to win the award .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
Unforgettable is a 2017 American erotic thriller film directed by Denise Di Novi  ( in her directorial debut )  and written by Christina Hodson and David Leslie Johnson .
Napoleon Bonaparte  (  [ nəˈpoʊliən ˈboʊnəpɑrt ]   [ napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt ]  ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 )  was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars .
His debut album , Rappa Ternt Sanga , was released in 2005 .
Three Days of the Condor  ( stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor )  is a 1975 American political thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow .
Throughout his career , he has had 10 number-one albums on the Billboard 200 and five number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
Oscar Palmer Robertson  ( born November 24 , 1938 )  , nicknamed `` The Big O '' , is an American former National Basketball Association player who played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks .
Megan Denise Fox  ( born May 16 , 1986 )  is an American actress and model .
Judy Garland  ( born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 -- June 22 , 1969 )  was an American singer , actress , and vaudevillian .
Edward Moore Kennedy  ( February 22 , 1932 -- August 25 , 2009 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts .
According to the Recording Industry Association of America , Journey has sold 48 million albums in the U.S. , making them the 25th best-selling band .
It was incorporated in 1892 and achieved City status in 1992 , one hundred years after incorporation .
Raised in Philadelphia , he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper , and later formed a short-lived rap group , The Bloodhoundz .
The Ten Commandments , also known as the Decalogue , are a set of biblical laws relating to ethics and worship , which play a fundamental role in Judaism , Christianity , and Islam .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Hoffman has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters .
He is the only professional wrestler in history to have won the WWE Championship , WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship , the WCW Championship , the TNA World Heavyweight Championship , and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Grunge  ( sometimes referred to as the Seattle sound )  is a subgenre of alternative rock and a subculture that emerged during the in the Pacific Northwest U.S. state of Washington , particularly in Seattle and nearby towns .
Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico .
The first Apple Stores were originally opened as two locations in May 2001 by then-CEO Steve Jobs , after years of attempting but failing store-within-a-store concepts .
Sarah Louise Palin  (  [ ˈpeɪlᵻn ]  née Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 )  is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Hippocrates of Kos  (  [ hɪˈpɒkrəˌtiːz ]  Ἱπποκράτης Hippokrátēs ; 460 -- 370 BC )  , also known as Hippocrates II , was a Greek physician of the Age of Pericles  ( Classical Greece )  , and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine .
Her solo success continued thoughout the 1980s and 90s with multi-platinum albums including Break Every Rule and Foreign Affair , and with singles such as `` We Do n't Need Another Hero  ( Thunderdome )  '' , `` The Best '' , and `` GoldenEye '' for the 1995 James Bond film of the same name .
Hacksaw Ridge was chosen by the American Film Institute as one of its top ten Movies of the Year , and has received numerous awards and nominations .
The most successful of these films include Bloodsport  ( 1988 )  , Kickboxer  ( 1989 )  , Lionheart  ( 1990 )  , Double Impact  ( 1991 )  , Universal Soldier  ( 1992 )  , Hard Target  ( 1993 )  , Street Fighter  ( 1994 )  , Timecop  ( 1994 )  , Sudden Death  ( 1995 )  , JCVD  ( 2008 )  and The Expendables 2  ( 2012 )  .
He starred as the title character in the 1992 film Chaplin , which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor and won him the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role .
The Promise is a 2016 American historical drama film directed by Terry George and starring Oscar Isaac , Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale , set in the final years of the Ottoman Empire .
He holds both American and Canadian citizenships .
Ryan Michael Dusick  ( born September 19 , 1977 )  is an American musician and record producer .
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a South Korean television series starring Lee Sung-kyung in the title role .
Fahrenheit 451 is a 1966 British Dystopian science fiction drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Oskar Werner , Julie Christie , and Cyril Cusack .
Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Widely known for his works with American filmmaker Quentin Tarantino , he received acclaim for portraying SS-Standartenführer Hans Landa in Inglourious Basterds  ( 2009 )  and bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in Django Unchained  ( 2012 )  .
Common side effects include : constipation , itchiness and nausea , among others .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
G-Dragon debuted as a solo artist with the release of Heartbreaker in 2009 .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal  ( born April 20 , 1941 )  , known professionally as Ryan O'Neal , is an American actor and former boxer .
The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences .
John Kiffmeyer  ( born July 11 , 1969 )  , known professionally in music as Al Sobrante , is an American musician , best known as the former drummer for the punk rock band Green Day .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
Smith 's first television role came in 2006 as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of Philip Pullman 's The Ruby in the Smoke and The Shadow in the North , while his first major role in television came as Danny in the 2007 BBC series Party Animals .
In addition to acting in film , Kapoor has hosted the 16th IIFA Awards ceremony in 2015 and the seventh season of the television reality show Fear Factor : Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2016 .
The series focuses on the professional and personal lives of a group of New York City firefighters , post 9/11 .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom created by Tina Fey that ran on NBC from October 11 , 2006 , to January 31 , 2013 .
The Inhumans first appeared in Fantastic Four # 45  ( December 1965 )  , though members Medusa and Gorgon appeared in earlier issues of that series  ( # 36 and # 44 , respectively )  .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
On the CBS TV show The Good Wife , he earned Emmy nominations for three consecutive years for his recurring role as crafty attorney Louis Canning .
Approximately 90 % of the Niagara River , after diversions for hydropower generation , flows over Horseshoe Falls .
She is known for her work in television comedy , including Saturday Night Live  ( 1982 -- 85 )  , Seinfeld  ( 1989 -- 98 )  , The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , and Veep  ( 2012 -- present )  .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
Robert Browning  ( 7 May 1812 -- 12 December 1889 )  was an English poet and playwright whose mastery of the dramatic monologue made him one of the foremost Victorian poets .
The daughter of King Henry I of England , she moved to Germany as a child when she married the future Holy Roman Emperor Henry V .
Buffon is the only goalkeeper to have won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year Award , which he won in 2003 after reaching the Champions League final ; he also won the award for best Goalkeeper that year , and was voted into the UEFA Team of the Year in 2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2016 .
Clark Gregg co-starred as her ex-husband Richard , with whom Christine maintains a close relationship despite their divorce , as well as Hamish Linklater as her brother Matthew and Wanda Sykes as her best friend Barb .
Tobias Vincent `` Tobey '' Maguire  ( born June 27 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  ; born December 19 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
The serendipitous presence within the region of Florence in the early 15th century of certain individuals of artistic genius , most notably Masaccio , Brunelleschi , Ghiberti , Piero della Francesca , Donatello and Michelozzo formed an ethos out of which sprang the great masters of the High Renaissance , as well as supporting and encouraging many lesser artists to achieve work of extraordinary quality .
He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss  ( 1971 )  and Fist of Fury  ( 1972 )  ; Golden Harvest 's Way of the Dragon  ( 1972 )  , directed and written by Lee ; Golden Harvest and Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon  ( 1973 )  and The Game of Death  ( 1978 )  , both directed by Robert Clouse .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
7 / 7 Plus :
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
She was known for her screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street , Splendor in the Grass , Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers , and West Side Story .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
Written by Affleck and Damon  ( and with Damon in the title role )  , the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting , an unrecognized genius who , as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer , becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor .
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit , composed of hundreds to thousands of individual flowers , and it is the fleshy petals that are eaten .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
It featured Jim McMullan as Security Chief John Moore of the Delos Corporation .
Christopher Columbus  ( Cristoforo Colombo -- 20 May 1506 )  was an Italian explorer , navigator , and colonizer .
One of the major stars of Hollywood 's Golden Age , Tracy was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two , sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier .
Located on the equator , Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest , Cameroon to the north , the Republic of the Congo on the east and south , and the Gulf of Guinea to the west .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
Karan Johar  ( born 25 May 1972 )  , often informally referred to as KJo , is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter , costume designer , actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale  ( born 26 July 1973 )  is an English actress .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Drogo is a khal , a leader of the Dothraki , a tribe of warriors who roam the continent of Essos .
 ( 1952 )  , Julius Caesar  ( 1953 )  , The Wild One  ( 1953 )  , Guys and Dolls  ( 1955 )  , Sayonara  ( 1957 )  , Reflections in a Golden Eye  ( 1967 )  , Last Tango in Paris  ( 1972 )  , and Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
He has also done extensive voiceover work for animated programs , most notably voicing The Hacker on the PBS Kids series Cyberchase  ( 2002 -- 2015 )  .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
In 1984 , Schwarzenegger appeared in James Cameron 's science-fiction thriller film The Terminator , a critical and commercial success .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War  ( Original title חטופים Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' )  , which was created by Gideon Raff .
Along with the separate and much longer Inner German border  ( IGB )  , which demarcated the border between East and West Germany , it came to symbolize a physical marker of the `` Iron Curtain '' that separated Western Europe and the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
Anil Kapoor  ( born 24 December 1956 )  is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films , as well as international films and television series .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
He also hosted the ESPY Awards , Saturday Night Live , and appeared in the 2015 film Trainwreck .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
The film contains the chemicals needed for developing and fixing the photograph , and the instant camera exposes and initiates the developing process after a photo has been taken .
Paul Frederic Simon  ( born October 13 , 1941 )  is an American musician , singer-songwriter and actor .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster , high school students living in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1933 .
Paulo Bruno Exequiel Dybala  (  [ ˈpaulo ðiˈβala ]  ; born 15 November 1993 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Argentina national team .
He played his entire 20-year career with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
At age 11 , he was cast as Harry Potter in the first Harry Potter film , and starred in the series for 10 years until the release of the eighth and final film in 2011 .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
William Ray Cyrus  ( born August 25 , 1961 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actor .
It was a major commercial success , grossing more than $ 392 million worldwide during its original theatrical run to become Scorsese 's highest-grossing movie and the 17th-highest-grossing film of 2013 .
fi
A member of the Gyllenhaal family and the son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner , Gyllenhaal began acting as a child with a screen debut in City Slickers  ( 1991 )  , followed by roles in A Dangerous Woman  ( 1993 )  and Homegrown  ( 1998 )  .
Haim Saban  (  [ səˈbɑːn ]  חיים סבן born October 15 , 1944 )  is an Israeli-American media proprietor , investor , philanthropist , musician , record , film & television producer .
A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations , the organization was established on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict .
Paul Leonard Newman  ( January 26 , 1925 -- September 26 , 2008 )  was an American actor , IndyCar driver , entrepreneur , and philanthropist .
It was released on August 4 , 2014 by Young Money Entertainment , Cash Money Records , and Republic Records as the second single from the album .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
Common spreads include dairy spreads  ( such as cheeses , creams , and butters -- although the term butter is broadly applied to many spreads )  , honey , plant-derived spreads  ( such as jams , jellies , and hummus )  , yeast spreads  ( such as vegemite and marmite )  , and meat-based spreads  ( such as pâté )  .
Nicknamed the `` City of Angels '' , Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate , ethnic diversity , and sprawling metropolis .
Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte  (  [ auˈɣusto pinoˈ  ( t )  ʃe ]  or  [ - ˈ  ( t )  ʃet ]  25 November 1915 -- 10 December 2006 )  was a Chilean general , politician and the military ruler of Chile between 1973 and 1990 ; he remained the Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army until 1998 .
On television , he starred in the CBS drama series A Gifted Man  ( 2011 -- 2012 )  , and as Lou Solverson in the second season of FX 's anthology series Fargo  ( 2015 )  , for which he received a second Golden Globe Award nomination .
The Blacklist is an American crime thriller television series that premiered on NBC on September 23 , 2013 .
William James `` Count '' Basie  ( August 21 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1984 )  was an American jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
He is often accompanied by his animal companions -- the wolves Geri and Freki and the ravens Huginn and Muninn , who bring him information from all over Midgard -- and rides the flying , eight-legged steed Sleipnir across the sky and into the underworld .
fi
Bacall also worked on Broadway in musicals , earning Tony Awards for Applause  ( 1970 )  and Woman of the Year  ( 1981 )  .
Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day .
Barbara Bush  ( née Pierce ; born June 8 , 1925 )  is the wife of George H. W. Bush , the 41st President of the United States , and served as First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 .
The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .
With her fifth album , the pop-focused 1989  ( 2014 )  , she became the first act to have three albums sell a million copies within one week in the United States .
After leaving WWE in 2006 , Angle joined Total Nonstop Action Wrestling  ( TNA , now Impact Wrestling )  where he became a record six-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion  ( and the inaugural titleholder )  , a two-time TNA World Tag Team Champion , and a one-time TNA X Division Champion .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
Laura Leggett Linney  ( born February 5 , 1964 )  is an American actress .
It stars Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif .
30 Seconds to Mars is the debut studio album by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars .
Some of his notable credits include Breaking Away , The Right Stuff , Wyatt Earp , The Rookie , The Day After Tomorrow , Traffic , Vantage Point , Footloose , Frequency , The Parent Trap , Yours , Mine & Ours and Soul Surfer .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
Starring James Stewart , John Dall and Farley Granger , this is the first of Hitchcock 's Technicolor films , and is notable for taking place in real time and being edited so as to appear as a single continuous shot through the use of long takes .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
It is home to several professional sports franchises , including the Winnipeg Blue Bombers  ( Canadian football )  , the Winnipeg Jets  ( ice hockey )  , Manitoba Moose  ( ice hockey )  and the Winnipeg Goldeyes  ( baseball )  .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
Currently it has scheduled events in Chechnya , Baghdad and Beirut .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
The company was formed through several acquisitions , including acquisition of the New York Observer in 2007 .
Heather Joan Graham  ( born January 29 , 1970 )  is an American actress .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
A businessman with interests in financial services , entertainment , and media , and an estimated net worth of $ 3 billion , he is ranked by Forbes as the 232nd richest person in America .
Dirt  ( styled d!rt for logos )  is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
Charles I  ( 19 November 1600 -- 30 January 1649 )  was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
The film received widespread negative reception from critics and grossed $ 305 million worldwide .
The main ethnic groups are Arabs and Kurds ; others include Assyrians , Turkmen , Shabakis , Yazidis , Armenians , Mandeans , Circassians , and Kawliya .
The film was released in the United States on October 2 , 2009 .
It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Wagner 's autobiography , Pieces of My Heart : A Life , written with author Scott Eyman , was published on September 23 , 2008 .
As the son of a United States Army chaplain , Groves lived at a number of Army posts during his childhood .
Gaius Julius Caesar  (  [ ˈɡaː.i.ʊs ˈjuː.li.ʊs ˈkae̯.sar ]  ; 13 July 100 BC -- 15 March 44 BC )  , known as Julius Caesar , was a Roman politician , general , and notable author of Latin prose .
The film was produced by Grant Heslov , Affleck and George Clooney .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
After signing with Capitol Records in 1962 , Wilson wrote or co-wrote more than two dozen Top 40 hits for the group .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
Kathrin Romary Beckinsale  ( born 26 July 1973 )  is an English actress .
It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .
In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 317,000 copies in its first week , earning Beyoncé the highest debut sales among Destiny 's Child members ' solo albums .
He was known as the `` angry young man '' of Hollywood , clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship , racism , and war .
His counter-terrorism drama My Name Is Khan  ( 2010 )  earned him his second Filmfare Award for Best Director .
He was known for his leading role as a peace-loving Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , in the 1970s television series Kung Fu .
He is recognised as a Saint and Doctor of the Church by the Roman Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Lutheran Church , and the Anglican Communion .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
Malala Yousafzai  ( Malālah Yūsafzay :  [ ; ملاله یوسفزۍ  [ məˈlaːlə jusəf ˈzəj ]  born 12 July 1997 )  is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate .
For her performance in the 1991 film Rambling Rose , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress , while for her performance in the 2014 film Wild , she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Victoria Loren `` Tori '' Kelly  ( born December 14 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and voice actress who slowly gained recognition after starting to post videos on YouTube at the age of 14 .
Catherine Tregenna is a Welsh playwright , television scriptwriter and actress .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
Sir Robert Bryson Hall II  ( born January 22 , 1990 )  , known by his stage name Logic , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Joffrey is the eldest son of Cersei Lannister from the kingdom of Westeros .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
The first episode was shown on January 18 , 2015 , on Disney Channel as a special preview , and the series officially premiered on March 30 , 2015 , on Disney XD .
Dean Martin  ( born Dino Paul Crocetti ; June 7 , 1917 -- December 25 , 1995 )  was an Italian-American singer , actor , comedian , and film producer .
New Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana , straddling the Mississippi River .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
Kristofer Hivju  ( born December 7 , 1978 )  is a Norwegian film actor , producer , and writer .
Attack the Block is a 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring Jodie Whittaker , John Boyega , Nick Frost and Luke Treadaway .
He has also directed and co-written films , including his directorial debut , Keeping the Faith  ( 2000 )  .
In 2007 , Simpson was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with felonies including armed robbery and kidnapping .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Jon Spaihts .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in South Norwood , London , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 .
Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque .
Burnaby is a city in British Columbia , Canada , located immediately to the east of Vancouver .
The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December , culminating in the championship game , the MLS Cup .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
Ethiopia  (  [ ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə ]  ኢትዮጵያ , , )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia  ( የኢትዮጵያ ፌዴራላዊ ዲሞክራሲያዊ ሪፐብሊክ , yeʾĪtiyoṗṗya Fēdēralawī Dēmokirasīyawī Rīpebilīk )  , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
Created by Bob Kane , David Wood , and Sheldon Moldoff , the character first appeared in Batman # 121  ( February 1959 )  , where he was known as Mr. Zero .
Allen Ezail Iverson  ( born June 7 , 1975 )  is an American professional basketball player who played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Lahore is also home to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Lahore Fort and Shalimar Gardens .
The 79th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , honored the best films of 2006 and took place February 25 , 2007 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. .
The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert .
The school 's intercollegiate competitive sports teams , the four-time football national champion Yellow Jackets , and the nationally recognized fight song `` Ramblin ' Wreck from Georgia Tech '' , have helped keep Georgia Tech in the national spotlight .
Cougar Town was an American television sitcom that ran for 102 episodes over six seasons , from September 23 , 2009 until March 31 , 2015 .
Derrick Martell Rose  ( born October 4 , 1988 )  is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Lung cancer , also known as lung carcinoma , is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Nuufolau Joel `` Joe '' Seanoa  ( born March 17 , 1979 )  , better known by his ring name Samoa Joe , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performing on the Raw brand .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls .
Bungie , Inc. is an American video game developer located in Bellevue , Washington , United States .
During pre-production , Raimi originally wanted another villain to be included along with Sandman , but at the request of producer Avi Arad he added Venom , and the producers also requested the addition of Gwen Stacy .
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
She also appears regularly as a contributor and guest co-host on NBC 's Today .
The 2013 NBA draft was held on June 27 , 2013 , at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York .
One of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust , she gained fame posthumously following the publication of The Diary of a Young Girl  ( originally Het Achterhuis ; The Secret Annex )  , in which she documents her life in hiding from 1942 to 1944 , during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .
From 2004 to 2006 , Khaled assisted in the production of the hip-hop albums Real Talk by Fabolous , True Story by Terror Squad , All or Nothing and Me , Myself , & I by Fat Joe .
On March 11 , 2016 , The CW renewed the series for a third season of 13 episodes , which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
A self-described democratic socialist , Sanders is pro-labor and emphasizes reversing economic inequality .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s , and over the next decade included several films and television series .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
In March 2011 , R. Kelly was named the most successful R&B artist of the last 25 years by Billboard .
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung  (  [ ˈmaʊ dzəˈdʊŋ ,   zə - ,   - dɒŋ ]  December 26 , 1893September 9 , 1976 )  , also known as Chairman Mao , was a Chinese communist revolutionary and founding father of the People 's Republic of China , which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 , until his death in 1976 .
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria  (  [ ˈpaβ̞lo eˈmiljo eskoˈβ̞aɾ ɣ̞aˈβ̞iɾja ]  ; 1 December 19492 December 1993 )  was a Colombian drug lord and narco-terrorist .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
He reigned as the undisputed world heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win a heavyweight title at 20 years , 4 months and 22 days old .
Kolyma  ( Колыма́ ,  [ kəlɨˈma ]  )  is a region located in the Russian Far East .
Risk factors include smoking , ionizing radiation , some chemicals  ( such as benzene )  , prior chemotherapy , and Down syndrome .
Gaius Julius Caesar  (  [ ˈɡaː.i.ʊs ˈjuː.li.ʊs ˈkae̯.sar ]  ; 13 July 100 BC -- 15 March 44 BC )  , known as Julius Caesar , was a Roman politician , general , and notable author of Latin prose .
A remake of the 1933 film of the same name , the film stars Naomi Watts , Jack Black , Adrien Brody , and , through motion capture , Andy Serkis as the title character .
Warren Edward Buffett  (  [ ˈbʌfᵻt ]  born August 30 , 1930 )  is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
It is also the capital city of the Eṛṛbaṭ-Sla-Qniṭra administrative region .
Frank Vincent Zappa  ( December 21 , 1940 -- December 4 , 1993 )  was an American musician , activist and filmmaker .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
He previously went by the name Arab Attack , but changed it after the 9/11 attacks , as he did not want to appear insensitive .
Rosamund Mary Ellen Pike  ( born 27 January 1979 )  is an English actress who began her acting career by appearing in stage productions such as Romeo and Juliet and Skylight .
His poem `` September on Jessore Road , '' calling attention to the plight of Bangladeshi refugees , exemplifies what the literary critic Helen Vendler described as Ginsberg 's tireless persistence in protesting against `` imperial politics , and persecution of the powerless . ''
Stephen Vincent Strange , M.D. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
The castle , which has been a Grade I listed building since 1951 , underwent a major restoration in the early 20th century .
Brooks Wackerman  ( born February 15 , 1977 )  is an American musician , currently the drummer for the American heavy metal bands Avenged Sevenfold and Mass Mental , also known as the former drummer for Bad Religion , and is the younger brother of John Bob , and Chad Wackerman  ( formerly a member of Frank Zappa 's band )  .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
In films , Spider-Man has been portrayed by actors Tobey Maguire  ( 2002 -- 2007 )  and Andrew Garfield  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , while Tom Holland portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , first appearing in Captain America : Civil War in 2016 .
Her breakout role was as a troubled boxer in the independent film Girlfight  ( 2000 )  , which was met with critical acclaim and earned her several awards , including the Independent Spirit Award and Gotham Award for Best Debut Performance .
After the first film 's success , Walt Disney Pictures revealed that a trilogy was in the works .
Pixar began in 1979 as the Graphics Group , part of the Lucasfilm computer division , before its spin-out as a corporation in 1986 , with funding by Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs , who became the majority shareholder .
Brando was also an activist for many causes , notably the Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements .
Among Japan 's largest and most famous studios , Sunrise is renowned for several critically lauded and popular original anime series , such as Gundam , Cowboy Bebop , Space Runaway Ideon , Armored Trooper Votoms , Yoroiden Samurai Troopers , Future GPX Cyber Formula , Crush Gear Turbo , The Vision of Escaflowne , Love Live School Idol Project , Witch Hunter Robin , My-HiME , My-Otome , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion , Tiger & Bunny , Cross Ange : Rondo of Angel and Dragon , as well as its numerous adaptations of acclaimed light novels including Dirty Pair , Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere and Accel World , and manga such as City Hunter , InuYasha , Outlaw Star , Yakitate !!
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
It is falsely believed that the Limbu/Yakthung are multi-lingual , but there are hundred and/or thousand of Yakthung who speak only in Yakthungpan  ( Limbu language )  .
He came to prominence in 1997 when he wrote and starred in Good Will Hunting alongside Ben Affleck , which won them the Academy and Golden Globe awards for Best Screenplay , and earned Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Antinuclear antibodies  ( ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF )  are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
`` Try '' is a song recorded by American singer Pink , which she released as the second single from her sixth album , The Truth About Love  ( 2012 )  .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
The film was released on August 10 , 1979 , by Paramount Pictures .
Before the album , Jay-Z had released collaborations with The Roots and R. Kelly , and Linkin Park had collaborated with various artists on their remix album Reanimation .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
It is one of eight B vitamins .
Benin  (  [ bᵻˈniːn ,   - ˈnɪn ]  or - ;  [ bɛˈniːn ]  ; Bénin  [ benɛ̃ ]  )  , officially the Republic of Benin  ( République du Bénin )  and formerly Dahomey , is a country in West Africa .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Avril Ramona Lavigne  (  [ ˈævrɪl ləˈviːn ]   [ avʁil laviɲ ]  )   ( born 27 September 1984 )  is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
His brother , Jeb Bush , a former Governor of Florida , was a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
 ( 1968 )  , Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , Hannibal Brooks  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Three Musketeers  ( 1973 )  , Tommy  ( 1975 )  , Lion of the Desert  ( 1981 )  , Castaway  ( 1986 )  , The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  ( 1988 )  and Funny Bones  ( 1995 )  .
It was also nominated for nine BAFTA awards , and won two , for Best Original Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress for Thandie Newton .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
Her music is described as downcast electronic pop with bass-heavy , trap-style rap production .
He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service .
Co-produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios , and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing , it is intended to be the second reboot of the Spider-Man film franchise and the sixteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
Earlier in his career , Pertwee had worked as a vaudeville comedian , performed at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and shared a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Marcus LeMarr Allen  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is a former American football running back and football analyst for CBS .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Colin Andrew Firth ,  ( born 10 September 1960 )  is an English actor .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Jessica Michelle Chastain  ( born March 24 , 1977 )  is an American actress and film producer .
The Handmaid 's Tale is a 1985 dystopian novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood .
The Black Panther  ( T'Challa )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel , the Irish Sea , and St George 's Channel .
   NOTOC   
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
Yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young , and BoA returned as judges .
She is best known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short story collections , particularly those revolving around her fictional detectives Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple .
Taylor Swift is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift , released on October 24 , 2006 , by Big Machine Records .
Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married .
Mary Frances `` Debbie '' Reynolds  ( April 1 , 1932 -- December 28 , 2016 )  was an American actress , singer , businesswoman , film historian , humanitarian , and mother of the actress and writer Carrie Fisher .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
Ballet Shoes : a story of three children on the stage is a children 's novel by Noel Streatfeild , published by Dent in 1936 .
He is a seven-time Formula One World Champion and is widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time .
A major influence in The Winter Soldier was conspiracy fiction from the 1970s such as Three Days of the Condor , with the script also drawing from the Winter Soldier story arc written by Ed Brubaker .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
is a Japanese book and video game publisher headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
She is known for her work in television comedy , including Saturday Night Live  ( 1982 -- 85 )  , Seinfeld  ( 1989 -- 98 )  , The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , and Veep  ( 2012 -- present )  .
The Rev was widely regarded and critically acclaimed for his work on Avenged Sevenfold albums , and contributed entire songs composed by himself , such as `` Chapter Four '' , `` Afterlife '' , `` A Little Piece of Heaven '' , and `` Almost Easy '' .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Her is a 2013 American romantic science-fiction drama film written , directed , and produced by Spike Jonze .
In 1935 , Basie formed his own jazz orchestra , the Count Basie Orchestra , and in 1936 took them to Chicago for a long engagement and their first recording .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
Furthermore , he is a Money in the Bank ladder match winner  ( 2012 )  , a two-time Royal Rumble winner  ( 2008 , 2013 )  , and a three-time Superstar of the Year Slammy Award winner  ( 2009 , 2010 , 2012 )  .
Coke Boys Records is an independent record label , originally known as Cocaine City Records that was founded by American rapper French Montana in 2008 .
Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent 's court .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
The album was supported by four singles : `` Extravaganza '' featuring Kanye West , the title track `` Unpredictable '' featuring Ludacris , `` DJ Play a Love Song '' featuring Twista , and `` Can I Take U Home '' .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
CP is partly preventable through immunization of the mother and efforts to prevent head injuries in children such as through improved safety .
The disease usually begins in the lungs , skin , or lymph nodes .
He had a recurring role on the drama series Girls and starred in the television series Family Tree .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
He has played much of his career as a forward , and he has also been used in various midfield roles .
Michael Gerard Tyson  (  [ ˈtaɪsən ]  born June 30 , 1966 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 2005 .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
All four of their studio albums have received nominations for the Best Alternative Music Album Grammy ; the band 's work has also been named three times as a shortlist nominee for the Polaris Music Prize : in 2007 for Neon Bible , in 2011 for The Suburbs and in 2014 for Reflektor , winning the award for The Suburbs .
Odia  (  [ əˈdiːə ]  )  or Oriya  (  [ ɒˈriːə ]  )  , both renderings of , is a language spoken by 3.2 % of India 's population .
It was published on 16 October 1847 , by Smith , Elder & Co. of London , England , under the pen name `` Currer Bell '' .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction , which relies on the mental , emotional and psychological status of characters to frighten or unsettle readers , viewers , or players .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
The story follows two friends , Mike and Scott , as they embark on a journey of personal discovery that takes them to Mike 's hometown in Idaho and then to Italy in search of Mike 's mother .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Russia 's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world ; other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod and Kazan .
While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades , she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
She later received Golden Globe Award nominations for her performances in Absence of Malice  ( 1981 )  and Kiss Me Goodbye  ( 1982 )  , before receiving her second Academy Award for Best Actress for Places in the Heart  ( 1984 )  .
Khal Drogo is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
However , the historical connections of the region , as well as the impact of the Mediterranean Sea on the region 's climate and economy , mean that these cuisines share dishes beyond the core trio of oil , bread , and wine , such as roast lamb or mutton , meat stews with vegetables and tomato  ( for example , Spanish andrajos and Italian ciambotta )  , and the salted cured fish roe , bottarga , found across the region .
Rafael `` Rafa '' Nadal Parera  (  [ rəfəˈɛɫ nəˈðaɫ pəˈɾeɾə ]  ,  [ rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa ]  ; born 3 June 1986 )  is a Spanish professional tennis player .
Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British biographical film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears .
Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American biographical romantic comedy-drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert , based on Gilbert 's best-selling memoir Eat , Pray , Love .
Kajal Aggarwal  ( born 19 June 1985 )  is an Indian film actress and model .
Robert Renfroe Riley  ( born October 3 , 1944 )  is an American politician who was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 to 2011 .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10 , 2012 , with international broadcasting taking place in late 2012 .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Nikita is an American television series that aired on The CW from September 9 , 2010 to December 27 , 2013 in the United States .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
He portrayed Carl Bruner in Ghost , Colonel Bagley in The Last Samurai , and the voice of the title character of the Disney animated film Tarzan .
King Kong is a 2005 epic monster adventure film co-written , produced , and directed by Peter Jackson .
Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
The Star Trek canon of the franchise includes The Original Series , an animated series , four spin-off television series , its film franchise and an upcoming television series scheduled to debut in 2017 .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
Her relationship with rapper Kanye West has also received significant media coverage ; the couple married in 2014 and they have two children together .
Dangerously in Love is the debut studio album by American singer Beyoncé .
The award has never been presented to a member of the following four teams : Arizona Diamondbacks , Miami Marlins , New York Mets , and Tampa Bay Rays .
Her portrayal of Sue Sylvester in Glee has won numerous awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award , Golden Globe Award , Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Comedy , Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Series , Miniseries , or Television Film , and the People 's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy film directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard .
The film stars Omar Epps , LL Cool J , Stanley Tucci with Pam Grier and Nia Long .
Dana Elaine Owens  ( born March 18 , 1970 )  , known professionally by her stage name Queen Latifah , is an American rapper , songwriter , singer , actress , model , television producer , record producer , and talk show host .
Greyson Michael Chance  ( born August 16 , 1997 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and pianist .
The Golden Girls is an American sitcom created by Susan Harris that originally aired on NBC from September 14 , 1985 , to May 9 , 1992 , with a total of 180 half-hour episodes spanning over seven seasons .
Humans may suffer from various sleep disorders , including dyssomnias , such as insomnia , hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and sleep apnea ; parasomnias , such as sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder ; bruxism ; and circadian rhythm sleep disorders .
The Shield is an American crime drama television series starring Michael Chiklis that premiered on March 12 , 2002 , on FX in the United States , and concluded on November 25 , 2008 , after seven seasons .
The same year , she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress -- Motion Picture and a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Devil Wears Prada .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The character first appeared in Batman : Vengeance of Bane # 1  ( January 1993 )  and was created by Chuck Dixon , Doug Moench , and Graham Nolan .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
He occasionally sang lead vocals , usually for one song on an album , including `` With a Little Help from My Friends '' , `` Yellow Submarine '' and their cover of `` Act Naturally '' .
John Stewart , known as Green Lantern , is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics and was the first African-American superhero to appear in DC Comics .
It features American rapper Jay Z , who co-wrote the song with its producers Tricky Stewart and Kuk Harrell , with additional writing from The-Dream .
Bonnie Lynne Hunt  ( born September 22 , 1961 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actress , director , producer , writer and host .
Susan Abigail Sarandon  (  [ səˈrændən ]  née Tomalin ; born October 4 , 1946 )  is an American actress and activist .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films including the crime comedy Out of Sight  ( 1998 )  , the biographical film Erin Brockovich  ( 2000 )  , the crime drama film Traffic  ( 2000 )   ( for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director )  , the 2001 remake of the comedy heist film Ocean 's 11 and its two sequels -- known collectively as the Ocean 's Trilogy , the medical thriller Contagion  ( 2011 )  and the comedy-drama Magic Mike  ( 2012 )  .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  was founded in 1999 in Kingston , Jamaica .
James Joseph Parsons  ( born March 24 , 1973 )  is an American actor .
The fifth installment in the Terminator franchise , it serves as a soft reboot to the film series that features the main characters from the first two films , portrayed by a new cast with the exception of Arnold Schwarzenegger , who reprises his role as the eponymous character .
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
He is the writer and director of the 2008 comedy Baby Mama starring Tina Fey and Amy Poehler .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
A central venous catheter  ( CVC )  , also known as a central line , central venous line , or central venous access catheter , is a catheter placed into a large vein .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
On radio , she has played the role of Emma Grundy in the BBC 's The Archers .
Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network ; cable television networks such as Disney Channel , ESPN , A+E Networks , and Freeform ; publishing , merchandising , music , and theatre divisions ; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  (  [ mikeˈlandʒelo di lodoˈviːko ˌbwɔnarˈrɔːti siˈmoːni ]  ; 6 March 1475 -- 18 February 1564 )  was a Florentine sculptor , painter , architect , and poet of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art .
Madonna Louise Ciccone  (  [ tʃɪˈkoʊni ]  born August 16 , 1958 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
After graduating college , Angle won a gold medal in freestyle wrestling at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships .
Gucci  (  [ guːtʃi ]   [ ˈɡuttʃi ]  )  is an Italian luxury brand of fashion and leather goods , part of the Gucci Group , which is owned by the French holding company Kering .
In 2013 , Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors , the nation 's highest honor for influencing American culture through the arts .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
It premiered on The WB on September 13 , 2005 , and was written by series creator Eric Kripke and directed by David Nutter .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
An early role of his was that of the young autistic Jacob `` Jake '' Bohm in the TV series Touch .
The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
She also has won 12 singles and 14 doubles titles on the ITF Women 's Circuit .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity .
Brian Peter George St John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno , RDI  (  [ ˈiːnoʊ ]  born 15 May 1948 and originally christened Brian Peter George Eno )  is an English musician , composer , record producer , singer , writer , and visual artist .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
The company 's first film was The Assassination of Richard Nixon  ( 2004 )  .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
The film stars Katherine Heigl , Rosario Dawson , Geoff Stults , Isabella Rice and Cheryl Ladd , and follows a divorcée who begins to torment the new fiancé of her ex-husband .
Nuufolau Joel `` Joe '' Seanoa  ( born March 17 , 1979 )  , better known by his ring name Samoa Joe , is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE and performing on the Raw brand .
That 's So Raven is an American supernatural teen comedy sitcom television series .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Sir Ben Kingsley  ( born Krishna Pandit Bhanji ; 31 December 1943 )  is an English actor with a career spanning over 40 years .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
He also created the comic series Seven Brothers , published by Virgin Comics .
He trained at the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1991 , before beginning his career on stage .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
Holly Hunter  ( born March 20 , 1958 )  is an American actress and producer .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Shahid Kapoor  (  [ ʃaːɦɪd̪ kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 25 February 1981 )  , also known as Shahid Khattar , is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
All three of her albums have been certified platinum by the RIAA .
He has written for American Dad !
There are many definitions for empathy that encompass a broad range of emotional states .
Two years later , he left the music industry , retired from public life and strictly guarded his own privacy until his death in 2006 .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
For other uses , see Denmark  ( disambiguation )  .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Risk factors include smoking , ionizing radiation , some chemicals  ( such as benzene )  , prior chemotherapy , and Down syndrome .
The band 's eighth studio album , 21st Century Breakdown , was released in 2009 and achieved the band 's best chart performance to date .
After he attended the Sundance Institute , Anderson had a deal with Rysher Entertainment to direct his first feature film , a neo-noir crime thriller titled Hard Eight , in 1996 .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Angell and his wife Lynn both died heading home from their vacation in Cape Cod aboard American Airlines Flight 11 .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
The Strain is an American horror drama television series that premiered on FX on July 13 , 2014 .
She is known for human rights advocacy , especially education of women in her native Swat Valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , northwest Pakistan , where the local Taliban had at times banned girls from attending school .
James Carothers `` Jim '' Garrison  ( born Earling Carothers Garrison ; November 20 , 1921 -- October 21 , 1992 )  was the District Attorney of Orleans Parish , Louisiana , from 1962 to 1973 .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panthéon in Paris .
Amy Lou Adams  ( born August 20 , 1974 )  is an American actress and singer .
Donald Hugh `` Don '' Henley  ( born July 22 , 1947 )  is an American singer-songwriter , producer , and drummer , best known as a founding member of the Eagles before launching a successful solo career .
Richmond  (  [ ˈrɪtʃmənd ]  )  is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States .
It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline , with Clive Owen , Rihanna , Ethan Hawke , Herbie Hancock , Kris Wu , and Rutger Hauer in supporting roles .
He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers  ( 1997 )  and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King  ( 1999 )  .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  ; Ulster-Scots : Airlann  [ - scoˈɑːrlən ]  )  is an island in the North Atlantic .
War of the Worlds is a 2005 American science fiction disaster film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp , loosely based on the novel of the same title by H. G. Wells .
Buddy Holly  ( born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 )  was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll .
Seppuku  ( 切腹 , `` cutting  [ the ]  abdomen/belly '' , formal on reading of original Kanji )  , sometimes metathesized as harakiri  ( 腹切り , `` abdomen/belly cutting '' )  which is a native Japanese kun reading , is a form of Japanese ritual suicide by disembowelment .
Pablo F. Fenjves  ( born 16 August 1953 )  is an American screenwriter and ghostwriter based in Los Angeles , California .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
According to 2011 census , Delhi 's city population was about 11 million , the second highest in India after Mumbai , while the whole NCT population was about 16.8 million .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought .
He was named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year twice .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
He is currently Togo 's all-time top goalscorer with 31 goals .
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VIII -- The Last Jedi )  is an upcoming American epic space opera film written and directed by Rian Johnson .
The album produced seven singles including the international hits `` Diamonds '' and `` Stay '' .
A controversial figure , Mao is regarded as one of the most important individuals in modern world history , and is also known as a theorist , military strategist , poet and visionary .
He is known for a collection of major hit singles including `` Bump N ' Grind '' , `` Your Body 's Callin ' '' , `` I Believe I Can Fly '' , `` Gotham City '' , `` Ignition  ( Remix )  '' , `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' , `` The World 's Greatest '' , `` I 'm a Flirt  ( Remix )  '' , and the hip-hopera `` Trapped in the Closet '' .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base , he toured both within the United States and internationally until a short time before his death in 1998 .
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .
Watchmen was recognized in Times List of the 100 Best Novels as one of the best English language novels published since 1923 , and placed # 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
He has had supporting roles in films such as I Love You , Man , Date Night , Get Him to the Greek , Dinner for Shmucks , and A Good Old Fashioned Orgy and more prominent roles in films such as Adult Beginners , Joshy , My Blind Brother , Sausage Party , and Loving .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
The film stars Eva Green , Asa Butterfield , Chris O'Dowd , Allison Janney , Rupert Everett , Terence Stamp , Ella Purnell with Judi Dench and Samuel L. Jackson .
The film stars Clark Gable and Jean Harlow in their sixth and final film collaboration , and features Lionel Barrymore , Frank Morgan , Walter Pidgeon , Hattie McDaniel , and Margaret Hamilton .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young , and BoA returned as judges .
It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapičić .
Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher .
Psychology has been described as a `` hub science '' , with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences , natural sciences , medicine , humanities , and philosophy .
New Girl is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Fox on September 20 , 2011 .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
It is the coldest planetary atmosphere in the Solar System , with a minimum temperature of 49 K , and has a complex , layered cloud structure with water thought to make up the lowest clouds and methane the uppermost layer of clouds .
Colombian territory also encompasses Amazon rainforest , tropical grassland and both Caribbean and Pacific coastlines .
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ,  (  [ kɾiʃ ` tjɐnu ʁuˈnaɫdu ]  , born 5 February 1985 )  is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team .
Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino .
Oswalt has won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special and a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album for his Netflix stand-up special Patton Oswalt : Talking for Clapping  ( 2016 )  .
The original score composed by Ennio Morricone , the first for a Tarantino film , was Morricone 's first complete Western score in 34 years , and his first score for a high-profile Hollywood production since Brian De Palma 's Mission to Mars in 2000 .
In 2012 , The Source ranked him number two on their list of the `` Top 50 Lyricists of All Time '' .
The season was nominated for one Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics .
The band consists of four animated members : 2-D  ( lead vocals , keyboards )  , Murdoc Niccals  ( bass guitar )  , Noodle  ( guitar , keyboards )  and Russel Hobbs  ( drums and percussion )  .
In 1908 Belgium , despite initial reluctance , formally annexed the Free State from Leopold , which became the Belgian Congo .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Detroit was founded on July 24 , 1701 by the French explorer and adventurer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac and a party of settlers .
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
The film stars Jones and Hilary Swank and also features Meryl Streep , Hailee Steinfeld , John Lithgow , and James Spader .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Event management is the application of project management to the creation and development of large scale events such as festivals , conferences , ceremonies , formal parties , concerts , or conventions .
Unapologetic is the seventh studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
A versatile defensive player , Haley began his career as a specialty outside linebacker , eventually progressing to pass-rusher and finally full-fledged defensive end .
It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations , European Union , and NATO .
It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10 , 2012 , with international broadcasting taking place in late 2012 .
Borrelia afzelii is a species of Borrelia a bacterium that can infect various species of vertebrates and invertebrates .
From 2006 to 2011 , he co-starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
Abigail Kathleen Breslin  ( born April 14 , 1996 )  is an American actress and singer .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
By winning the Monte-Carlo Masters in 2012 , Nadal became the only male player in the open era to win a tournament eight consecutive times .
The film stars Dev Patel , Rooney Mara , David Wenham and Nicole Kidman .
Black Panther is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
The film serves as a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise , and stars Queen Latifah as Gina , a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2 : Back in Business .
How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated action-fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie  ( 1973 )  , combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger  ( 1975 )  and Stardust  ( 1978 )  , made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music .
A sequel is scheduled for release on June 22 , 2018 .
He has voiced Joel in The Last of Us , Booker DeWitt in BioShock Infinite , Rhys in Tales from the Borderlands , Delsin Rowe in Infamous Second Son , The Joker in Batman : Arkham Origins and Batman : Assault on Arkham , Talion in Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor , Kai Leng in Mass Effect 3 , Jack Mitchell in Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare , Vincent Brooks in Catherine , Yuri Lowell in Tales of Vesperia , Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei : Persona 4 , Snow in the Final Fantasy XIII series , Pagan Min in Far Cry 4 , Gul ` dan in World of Warcraft : Warlords of Draenor , Sam Drake in Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End and Bruce Wayne in Batman : The Telltale Series .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
Melanie Thandiwe `` Thandie '' Newton  (  [ ˈtændi ]  born 6 November 1972 )  is an English actress .
Caitlyn Marie Jenner  ( born October 28 , 1949 )  , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
He was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Awards , and received two Saturn Awards , including one for Best Actor .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Kurt Vogel Russell  ( born March 17 , 1951 )  is an American actor .
Louise Simonson  ( born Mary Louise Alexander ; born September 26 , 1946 )  is an American comic book writer and editor .
In three cases -- 20th Century Fox , Warner Bros. , and Paramount -- the studios were one of the `` Big Five '' majors during that era as well .
A seven-time Emmy Award nominee , Hunter won Emmys for Roe vs. Wade  ( 1989 )  and The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom  ( 1993 )  .
Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest urban area is Sydney .
The film was released on VHS and DVD on November 12 , 2002 and was later released on Blu-ray on September 16 , 2011 .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Ecologically , it is one of the world 's 17 megadiverse countries , and the most densely biodiverse of these per square kilometer .
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela  ( English : A Play of Bullets Ram-Leela )  , or simply Ram-Leela , is a 2013 Indian crime drama film co written , co edited , co produced , composed and directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali .
The screenplay is written by Moira Buffini based on the 1847 novel of the same name by Charlotte Brontë .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
In the novels , she is a point of view character .
Tyra Lynne Banks  ( born December 4 , 1973 )  is an American television personality , producer , businesswoman , actress , author , former model and occasional singer .
The University of Oxford  ( informally Oxford University or simply Oxford )  is a collegiate research university located in Oxford , England .
Steven Price  ( born 22 April 1977 )  is a British film composer , best known for scoring Gravity , which won him the Academy Award for Best Original Score .
Vincent Anthony Vaughn  ( born March 28 , 1970 )  is an American actor , producer , screenwriter , activist , and comedian .
In addition , he framed shots to maximise anxiety , fear , or empathy , and used innovative forms of film editing .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
The single eventually earned gold certifications in countries including Australia , Belgium , Sweden and the US .
From 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University 's Society of Fellows , where he developed the theory of transformational grammar for which he was awarded his doctorate in 1955 .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
The Boeing 777 is a family of long-range wide-body twin-engine jet airliners developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
On June 8 , 2016 , she was suspended from playing tennis for two years by the International Tennis Federation  ( ITF )  .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
He lost a 1980 bid for the Illinois House of Representatives , but tried again and won a seat in 1981 .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
`` Go Robot '' was released as the album 's second single on September 8 , 2016 , peaking at number 12 on the Alternative Songs Chart , while `` Sick Love '' was released as the third single on December 4 , 2016 however it failed to chart .
Alfre Woodard  ( born November 8 , 1952 )  is an American film , stage , and television actress , producer , and political activist .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
The White Sox play their home games at Guaranteed Rate Field , located on the city 's South Side .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
The series focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns , residents and attending physicians , as they evolve into seasoned doctors while trying to maintain personal lives and relationships .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
is a Japanese book and video game publisher headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan .
He has been nominated for seven Academy Awards  ( winning for his performance in Tender Mercies )  , seven Golden Globes  ( winning four )  , and has multiple nominations and one win each of the BAFTA , Screen Actors Guild Award , and Emmy Award .
His screenwriting credits include the 1995 film The Affair , Man on a Ledge , released in January , 2012 , and a string of television movies .
Pope John Paul II is a 2005 television miniseries dramatizing the life of Pope John Paul II  ( Karol Józef Wojtyła )  from his early adult years in Poland to his death at age 84 .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
She began her film career as a teenager with roles in her father 's films and appeared alongside her brother in the psychological horror film Donnie Darko  ( 2001 )  .
The Americans is an American television period drama series created and produced by former CIA officer Joe Weisberg .
He has received several prizes and awards , including the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics , which he shared with Stephen Hawking for their contribution to our understanding of the universe .
Borrelia afzelii is a species of Borrelia a bacterium that can infect various species of vertebrates and invertebrates .
Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 .
At nineteen he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 .
In 2005 , Tennis magazine selected her as the greatest female tennis player for the years 1965 through 2005 .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
NASA also awarded SpaceX a further development contract in 2011 to develop and demonstrate a human-rated Dragon , which would be used to transport astronauts to the ISS and return them safely to Earth .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films and other television series of the franchise .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
In 2003 , Michael McCary left Boyz II Men due to chronic back problems , resulting from multiple sclerosis  ( MS )  and personal problems .
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film , the third installment in the Toy Story series , and the sequel to Toy Story 2  ( 1999 )  .
The Kingdom of Prussia was thus abolished in favour of a republic -- the Free State of Prussia , a state of Germany from 1918 until 1933 .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
There are contanious  [ sic ]  sexual scenes , abusive words , audio pornography and a bit sensitive touch about one particular section of society '' .
Her name and gender change became official on September 25 , 2015 .
It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .
Originally a Jedi prophesied to bring balance to the Force , he falls to the dark side of the Force and serves the evil Galactic Empire at the right hand of his Sith master , Emperor Palpatine  ( also known as Darth Sidious )  .
Kristen Jaymes Stewart  ( born )  is an American actress and model .
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2  ( The Unemployed Graduate 2 )  , popularly referred to as VIP 2 , is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language comedy-drama film directed by Soundarya Rajnikanth .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
Pataky is best known for her role as Elena Neves in The Fast and the Furious franchise .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
Also produced by Judd Apatow , it co-stars Sarah Silverman , Tim Meadows , Imogen Poots , Joan Cusack , and Maya Rudolph .
Distributed by Summit Entertainment and Lionsgate Films , the series consists of four science fiction films set in a dystopian society .
A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven , and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise .
Raphael Matthew Bob-Waksberg  ( born August 17 , 1986 )  is an American comedian , writer , producer , and actor .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Audrey Horne is a fictional character from the ABC television series Twin Peaks , played by Sherilyn Fenn .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
His breakout role came in 1985 , joining the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd , for which he earned five Emmy Award nominations  ( one win )  .
The Democratic Republic of the Congo  (  [ ˈkɒŋɡəʊ ]   [ kɔ̃ɡo ]  ; République démocratique du Congo )  , also known as DR Congo , DRC , DROC , Congo-Kinshasa or simply the Congo , is a country located in Central Africa .
Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico .
Collin studied aesthetics and the philosophy of film at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , He edited the university 's student newspaper , The Saint .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
The film was directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan , based on a 2004 documentary about Doss , and stars Andrew Garfield as Doss , with Sam Worthington , Luke Bracey , Teresa Palmer , Hugo Weaving , Rachel Griffiths and Vince Vaughn in supporting roles .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Christopher Michael Pratt  ( born June 21 , 1979 )  is an American actor .
The Getaway is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released through Warner Bros. on June 17 , 2016 .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
The film costars Viggo Mortensen , Dominic West , Elizabeth Perkins , Steve Buscemi , and Diane Ladd .
There are many definitions for empathy that encompass a broad range of emotional states .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
Early in his career , Khan was recognised for portraying villainous roles in the films Darr  ( 1993 )  , Baazigar  ( 1993 )  and Anjaam  ( 1994 )  .
Alia Bhatt  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a British film actress and singer who works in Bollywood .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
The team has played in four Super Bowl games , but lost each one .
The Panthers compete in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference  ( NFC )  South division .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest .
Written by Affleck and Damon  ( and with Damon in the title role )  , the film follows 20-year-old South Boston laborer Will Hunting , an unrecognized genius who , as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer , becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
Aaron Taylor-Johnson  ( born Aaron Perry Johnson ; 13 June 1990 )  is an English actor , best known as the title character in the Kick-Ass films and Quicksilver in Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  .
Zooey Claire Deschanel  (  [ ˈzoʊi ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl ]  born January 17 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina , also known as the Dayton Agreement , Dayton Accords , Paris Protocol or Dayton-Paris Agreement , is the peace agreement reached at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton , Ohio , United States , in November 1995 , and formally signed in Paris on 14 December 1995 .
She began her acting career in 2001 , with several minor television and film roles , and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom .
Cleopatra is a 1963 American epic historical drama film chronicling the struggles of Cleopatra VII , the young Queen of Egypt , to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Chris Hemsworth  ( born 11 August 1983 )  is an Australian actor .
The subgenre frequently overlaps with the related subgenre of psychological thriller , and it often uses mystery elements and characters with unstable , unreliable , or disturbed psychological states to enhance the suspense and horror of the setting and plot and to provide an overall unpleasant , unsettling , or distressing atmosphere .
Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk .
In addition to her many films , Parker enjoyed great popularity for her lead role on Showtime 's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin , for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006 .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
In May 2014 , the band was nominated for a total of fourteen different Billboard Music Awards , including Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award , which recognizes innovation and creativity of artists across different genres .
Her first screen role was at the age of two in the BBC series Growing Pains .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Glenn Close  ( born March 19 , 1947 )  is an American actress , singer and film producer .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
The third film , Underworld : Rise of the Lycans , is the prequel to the series , chronicling the origins of the vampire-lycan war  ( it was released on January 23 , 2009 )  .
It was released as a single on October 30 , 2015 by Quality Control Entertainment and 300 Entertainment .
By contrast , other mammals said to fly , such as flying squirrels , gliding possums , and colugos , can only glide for short distances .
New Orleans  (  [ nuː ˈɔːrlᵻnz ,   - ˈɔːrli.ənz ,   - ɔːrˈliːnz ]  , or  [ ˈnɔːrlᵻnz ]  La Nouvelle-Orléans  [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ]  )  is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Evans began his career on the stage , performing in many of London 's West End productions such as Rent , Miss Saigon , and Piaf before getting his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
The show was originally pitched to several US and UK channels , and eventually landed with Showtime , with Sky Atlantic as co-producer .
It stars Judi Dench , Bob Hoskins , Kelly Reilly , and Pop Idol winner Will Young in his acting debut .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game .
MGK embarked on a musical career as a teenager , releasing a mixtape in 2006 .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
He is the author of Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , which was published in March 2009 , and the book Straight Talk , No Chaser : How to Find and Keep a Man .
It has been translated into 52 languages , and set a record in the United Kingdom as the fastest-selling paperback of all time .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
Like other Kuiper belt objects , Pluto is primarily made of ice and rock and is relatively small -- about one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third its volume .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
The film is a remake of the 1973 film of the same name by George A. Romero , who is an executive producer of the remake .
Johnson has 17 championship reigns in WWE , including 10 as a world champion , winning the WWF/WWE Championship eight times  ( seventh reign was as WWE Undisputed Champion )  and the WCW/World Championship twice .
The film was written and directed by George Nolfi , produced by Chris Moore and stars Matt Damon and Emily Blunt .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
It won a Retrospective Hugo Award in 1996 , and is included in the Great Books of the Western World selection .
Raised in Gaithersburg , Maryland , Logic expressed an interest in music as a teenager , and ventured into a musical career in early 2009 , releasing a mixtape titled Young , Broke & Infamous in 2010 .
By April 1997 he had already won his first major , the 1997 Masters .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
Glenn Lewis Frey  (  [ fraɪ ]  November 6 , 1948 -- January 18 , 2016 )  was an American singer , songwriter and actor , best known as a founding member of the rock band Eagles .
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
His third album , Thr33 Ringz , was released in 2008 .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
It is closely related to the Frisian languages , but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages , as well as by Latin and Romance languages , particularly French .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Measles is a highly contagious infection caused by the measles virus .
She is the daughter of producer Beryl Vertue .
Francis `` Frank '' Arthur Sedgman , AM  ( born 29 October 1927 )  is a retired former World No. 1 amateur tennis champion .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .
The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett .
The game has been published by Wizards of the Coast  ( now a subsidiary of Hasbro )  since 1997 .
A dose of purified ricin powder the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
In 1993 , Escobar was shot and killed in his hometown by Colombian National Police , one day after his 44th birthday .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Saamy is a 2003 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari .
She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the romantic comedy-drama Working Girl  ( 1988 )  and the romantic comedy In & Out  ( 1997 )  , as well as one Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the latter .
Intent on further pursuing a solo career as a rapper , he went on to release two additional mixtapes after signing to Jay Z 's Roc Nation imprint in 2009 .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
Despite its prevalence in the environment , no known form of life uses aluminium salts metabolically , but aluminium is well tolerated by plants and animals .
The film stars Ben Affleck , Rosamund Pike , Neil Patrick Harris and Tyler Perry .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
Her Amazonian training helped to develop a wide range of extraordinary skills in strategy , hunting , and combat .
The airport also serves as a European hub for Delta Air Lines and Jet Airways and as a base for EasyJet and Vueling .
Dangal  ( Wrestling competition )  is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film directed by Nitesh Tiwari .
Muhammad gained few early followers , and met hostility from some Meccan tribes .
An investment fund is a way of investing money alongside other investors in order to benefit from the inherent advantages of working as part of a group .
Except in military defence and foreign affairs , Hong Kong maintains its independent executive , legislative and judiciary powers .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Scott Hicks .
Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
His most successful song is `` Gentle on My Mind '' which won three Grammy Awards and was listed in `` BMI 's Top 100 Songs of the Century '' .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
Fernando Alonso Díaz  ( born 29 July 1981 )  is a Spanish Formula One racing driver and a double World Champion who is currently racing for McLaren-Honda .
It was formed by the Canary hotspot .
Confessions is the fourth studio album by American singer Usher .
After graduating from the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology in 2006 , Adele was given a recording contract by XL Recordings after a friend posted her demo on Myspace the same year .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Most generally , it refers to a regulative principle of the economic exchange of the products of human work : the relative exchange-values of those products in trade , usually expressed by money-prices , are proportional to the average amounts of human labor-time which are currently socially necessary to produce them.Karl Marx , Capital , Volume I , Penguin , pp. 676 -- 77 ; Marx , Capital , Volume III , Penguin ed. , p. 522 .
For other uses , see Denmark  ( disambiguation )  .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
It was released in theaters on August 1 , 2014 in the United States in the 3D and IMAX 3D formats .
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
Iain Glen  ( born 24 June 1961 )  is a Scottish film , television , and stage actor .
Ellyse Alexandra Perry  ( born 3 November 1990 )  is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women 's national soccer team at the age of 16 .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk , and incorporated influences from jazz , classical and other musical styles .
On October 18 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series through its thirteenth season .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger , Bob Kane , and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman  ( April 25 , 1940 )  published by DC Comics .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
It is connected to the X-Men film series , the first television series to be so , and is produced by FX Productions in association with Marvel Television .
Albania  (  [ ælˈbeɪniə ,   ɔːl - ]  , ; Shqipëri / Shqipëria Shqipni/Shqipnia or Shqypni/Shqypnia )  , officially the Republic of Albania  ( Republika e Shqipërisë ,  [ ɾɛpuˈblika ɛ ʃcipəˈɾiːsə ]  )  , is a country in Southeastern Europe .
The 2000 Football League Cup Final was played between Leicester City , in their third final appearance in four years , and First Division side Tranmere Rovers at the Wembley Stadium on 27 February 2000 .
Poland  ( Polska  [ ˈpɔlska ]  )  , officially the Republic of Poland  (  [ Rzeczpospolita Polska , links = no ]  , )  , is a parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
Shatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker  ( 1982 -- 86 )  and hosted the reality-based television series , Rescue 911  ( 1989 -- 96 )  , which won a People 's Choice Award for the Favorite New TV Dramatic Series .
After appearing in television commercials , her first starring role in a feature film came with the teen comedy License to Drive  ( 1988 )  , followed by the critically acclaimed film Drugstore Cowboy  ( 1989 )  , which gained her initial industry notice .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
Moscow is considered the centre of Russian culture , having served as the home of Russian artists , scientists and sports figures and because of the presence of museums , academic and political institutions and theatres .
Besides the aforementioned news , information and opinions , they include weather forecasts ; criticism and reviews of the arts  ( including literature , film , television , theater , fine arts , and architecture )  and of local services such as restaurants ; obituaries , birth notices and graduation announcements ; entertainment features such as crosswords , horoscopes , editorial cartoons , gag cartoons , and comic strips ; advice columns , food , and other columns ; and radio and television listings  ( program schedules )  .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
She received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her roles in the romantic comedy-drama Working Girl  ( 1988 )  and the romantic comedy In & Out  ( 1997 )  , as well as one Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the latter .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Divergent is a 2014 American science fiction action film directed by Neil Burger , based on the novel of the same name by Veronica Roth .
After a critically acclaimed performance in Bus Stop  ( 1956 )  and acting in the first independent production of MMP , The Prince and the Showgirl  ( 1957 )  , she won a Golden Globe for Best Actress for Some Like It Hot  ( 1959 )  .
They own the Bluebird Cafe .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .
is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith .
There are no precise dates for when this cohort starts or ends ; demographers and researchers typically use starting birth years ranging from the early-to-mid 1960s and ending birth years ranging from the late 1970s to early 1980s .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
The Chainsmokers are an American DJ/producer duo consisting of Andrew Taggart and Alex Pall .
It premiered at the South by Southwest film festival on March 9 and began airing on television on April 28 , 2014 , on Showtime on Demand .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .
The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
He is known for his slapstick humor in film , television , stage and radio .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of fantasy films from Walden Media , based on The Chronicles of Narnia , a series of novels by C. S. Lewis .
He is known for playing druglord Russell `` Stringer '' Bell on the HBO series The Wire , Detective John Luther on the BBC One series Luther , and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom  ( 2013 )  .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
Timothy Francis `` Tim '' Robbins  ( born October 16 , 1958 )  is an American actor , screenwriter , director , producer , activist and musician .
It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south .
In terms of revenue , Santos is Brazil 's 4th richest sports club and one of the biggest football clubs in the world , generating an annual turnover of over $ 114 million in 2012 .
Suzanne Brigit `` Sue '' Bird  ( born October 16 , 1980 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Seattle Storm of the Women 's National Basketball Association  ( WNBA )  .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Greyson Michael Chance  ( born August 16 , 1997 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and pianist .
Known for her fierce independence and spirited personality , Hepburn was a leading lady in Hollywood for more than 60 years .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
Daughter of noted dancer , Raguram , she began acting in the 2002 film Charlie Chaplin and later started working as choreographers in films .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
In films , Spider-Man has been portrayed by actors Tobey Maguire  ( 2002 -- 2007 )  and Andrew Garfield  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , while Tom Holland portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , first appearing in Captain America : Civil War in 2016 .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E. / Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995 , hosted by Ed McMahon , and created by Alfred Masini .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
The film received generally positive reviews and grossed over $ 97 million on a $ 40 million budget .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean.designated Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba within ISO ISO 3166-1 .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
Twain has sold over 85 million records , making her the best-selling female artist in the history of country music and one of the best-selling music artists of all time .
Albert Einstein  (  [ ˈaɪnstaɪn ]   [ ˈalbɛɐ̯t ˈaɪnʃtaɪn ]  ; 14 March 1879 -- 18 April 1955 )  was a German-born theoretical physicist .
It is home to several professional sports franchises , including the Winnipeg Blue Bombers  ( Canadian football )  , the Winnipeg Jets  ( ice hockey )  , Manitoba Moose  ( ice hockey )  and the Winnipeg Goldeyes  ( baseball )  .
In 2008 , Ament released his first solo album , Tone .
The Prince of Egypt is a 1998 American animated epic musical drama film and the first traditional animated film produced and released by DreamWorks .
`` Thinkin Bout You '' is a song by American singer Frank Ocean , released as the lead single from his debut studio album Channel Orange  ( 2012 )  .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Dean Martin  ( born Dino Paul Crocetti ; June 7 , 1917 -- December 25 , 1995 )  was an Italian-American singer , actor , comedian , and film producer .
With his brothers , Robin and Maurice Gibb , he formed a songwriting partnership beginning in 1966 .
David Koepp  ( born June 9 , 1963 )  is an American screenwriter and director .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves , and to convene and adjourn the Federal Assembly under extraordinary circumstances .
Hopper has an additional posthumous credit in the completed , but unreleased Orson Welles drama The Other Side of the Wind , acquired for distribution by Netflix .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
The area 's many colleges and universities make Boston an international center of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering , and business , and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship , with nearly 2,000 startups .
Daniel Michael DeVito , Jr.  ( born November 17 , 1944 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
Dylan has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Minnesota Music Hall of Fame , Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame , and Songwriters Hall of Fame .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Throughout his club career , he has only played for teams in Italy , previously playing for Atalanta , Fiorentina , Sampdoria , Internazionale and Milan .
First drafted by the Archbishop of Canterbury to make peace between the unpopular King and a group of rebel barons , it promised the protection of church rights , protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment , access to swift justice , and limitations on feudal payments to the Crown , to be implemented through a council of 25 barons .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
The PlayStation 4 places an increased emphasis on social interaction and integration with other devices and services , including the ability to play games off-console on PlayStation Vita and other supported devices  ( `` Remote Play '' )  , the ability to stream gameplay online or to friends , with them controlling gameplay remotely  ( `` Share Play '' )  .
Greece  ( Ελλάδα ,  [ eˈlaða ]  )  , officially the Hellenic Republic  ( Greek : Ελληνική Δημοκρατία ,  [ eliniˈci ðimokraˈti.a ]  )  , historically also known as Hellas  ( Ἑλλάς ,  [ heˈlas ]  , modern pronunciation Ellás )  , is a country in southeastern Europe , with a population of approximately 11 million as of 2015 .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
The Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor is a fifth-generation , single-seat , twin-engine , all-weather stealth tactical fighter aircraft developed for the United States Air Force  ( USAF )  .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
Into the Woods received three Academy Award nominations at the 87th Academy Awards , including a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Streep , as well as three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series The X-Files , ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies ' film The House of Mirth  ( 2000 )  , and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series The Fall .
Adam Douglas Driver  ( born November 19 , 1983 )  is an American actor .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
He appeared in several other of Nolan 's films including The Prestige  ( 2006 )  , Inception  ( 2010 )  , and Interstellar  ( 2014 )  .
Open today for pilgrims , the site venerates the original pavonazzo marble monument placed there by Emperor Constantine , and was used in early medieval times to house the skull of St. Peter
Laurence John Fishburne III  ( born July 30 , 1961 )  is an American actor , playwright , director and producer , best known for playing Morpheus in The Matrix trilogy , Jason `` Furious '' Styles in the 1991 drama film Boyz n the Hood and Tyrone `` Mr. Clean '' Miller in the 1979 war film Apocalypse Now .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
He was succeeded by his eldest daughter , Elizabeth II .
He is known for playing Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
It premiered on The WB on September 13 , 2005 , and was written by series creator Eric Kripke and directed by David Nutter .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind .
The brown bear  ( Ursus arctos )  is a large bear with the widest distribution of any living ursid .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
After a protracted development and despite operational issues , the USAF considers the F-22 critical to its tactical air power , and says that the aircraft is unmatched by any known or projected fighter .
He is best known for the liberal decisions of the so-called Warren Court , which outlawed segregation in public schools and transformed many areas of American law , especially regarding the rights of the accused , ending public school-sponsored prayers , and requiring `` one man -- one vote '' rules of apportionment of election districts .
oggˈlɪnəks ]  or , less frequently ,  [ ˈlaɪnəks ]  )  is a Unix-like computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open-source software development and distribution .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Peter Davison  ( born Peter Malcolm Gordon Moffett on 13 April 1951 )  is an English actor with many credits in television dramas and sitcoms .
Famous in Love is an American drama television series that premiered on Freeform on April 18 , 2017 , and is based on the novel of the same name by Rebecca Serle .
Pixar  (  [ ˈpɪksɑr ]  )  , also referred to as Pixar Animation Studios , is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville , California that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company .
Supernatural is an American fantasy horror television series created by Eric Kripke .
It was released on April 5 , 2013 , through Fueled by Ramen as a follow-up to Brand New Eyes  ( 2009 )  .
It is a coming-of-age sports drama , inspired by the life of Olympic gold-medalist Jang Mi-ran .
The Heiress is a 1947 play by American playwrights Ruth and Augustus Goetz adapted from the 1880 Henry James novel Washington Square .
It was directed by Lindsay Anderson .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
A red , flat rash which usually starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body typically begins three to five days after the start of symptoms .
`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad  ( 2007 )  .
It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .
Following local government reform in 1974 , city status was bestowed upon the wider metropolitan borough .
It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest .
Set in the fictional town of Hawkins , Indiana in the 1980s , the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy by his friends , older brother and traumatized mother and the local police chief , amid supernatural events occurring around the town including the appearance of a psychokinetic girl who helps the missing boy 's friends in their own search .
The awards , first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , are overseen by AMPAS .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .
The capital of the Bouches-du-Rhône department and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region , Marseille , on France 's south coast , is the country 's second largest city , after Paris , with a population of 852,516 in 2012 , and an area of 241 km2 , the 3rd-largest metropolitan area in France after Paris and Lyon .
Natalie Wood  ( born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko ; July 20 , 1938 -- November 28 or 29 , 1981 )  was an American film and television actress .
The film was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni and was simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil .
Amsterdam has a population of 851,373 within the city proper , 1,351,587 in the urban area , and 2,410,960 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area .
Cruise plays William Cage , a public relations officer with no combat experience , who is ordered by his superior to film the first wave of a crucial landing operation against the aliens .
Isabella of France  ( 1295 -- 22 August 1358 )  , sometimes described as the She-Wolf of France , was Queen of England as the wife of Edward II , and regent of England from 1326 until 1330 .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
Its name is commonly pronounced as `` seven oh seven '' .
In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born .
It focuses on the war between Skynet 's machine network and humanity ; the remnants of the world 's military have organized as the Resistance , fighting against Skynet 's killing machines .
Tupac Amaru Shakur  (  [ ˈtuːpɑːk ʃəˈkʊər ]  ; born Lesane Parish Crooks ; June 16 , 1971September 13 , 1996 )  , also known by his stage names 2Pac , Makaveli , and Pac , was an American rapper , record producer , actor , and poet .
Johar made his directorial debut with the blockbuster romance Kuch Kuch Hota Hai  ( 1998 )  , which earned him the Filmfare Awards for Best Director and Best Screenplay .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
Denial premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 , 2016 and was released in the United States on September 30 , 2016 by Bleecker Street .
Wood was also known for his flamboyance .
Mickey Rooney  ( born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 )  was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality .
It is the world 's largest religion , with over 2.4 billion followers , or 33 % of the global population , known as Christians .
On Earth , 96.5 % of the planet 's crust water is found in seas and oceans , 1.7 % in groundwater , 1.7 % in glaciers and the ice caps of Antarctica and Greenland , a small fraction in other large water bodies , and 0.001 % in the air as vapor , clouds  ( formed of ice and liquid water suspended in air )  , and precipitation .
He has also won a Golden Globe Award , a BAFTA Award , and was nominated in 2002 for Screen Actors Guild Awards in the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries categories .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
Borussia Dortmund 's colours are black and yellow , giving the club its nickname die Schwarzgelben .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
Founded by Canadian and US ex-pat environmental activists in 1971 , Greenpeace states its goal is to `` ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity '' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change , deforestation , overfishing , commercial whaling , genetic engineering , and anti-nuclear issues .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
In 1998 , Kelly won three Grammy Awards for `` I Believe I Can Fly '' .
Overall , the Democratic Party has retained a membership lead over its major rival the Republican Party  ( GOP )  .
`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions  ( 2012 )  , as the opening track .
The Olympic Games are held every four years , with the Summer and Winter Games alternating by occurring every four years but two years apart .
He has also directed and co-written films , including his directorial debut , Keeping the Faith  ( 2000 )  .
Nicole Scherzinger  (  [ niˈkoʊl ˈʃɜːzɪŋər ]  born Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Valiente ; June 29 , 1978 )  is an American recording artist , actress and television personality born in Honolulu , Hawaii and raised in Louisville , Kentucky .
In 1798 , he led a military expedition to Egypt that served as a springboard to political power .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
He was also an aerospace engineer , naval aviator , test pilot , and university professor .
Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee , scripter Don Rico , and artist Don Heck , the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No. 52  ( April 1964 )  .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Sage Moonblood Stallone  ( May 5 , 1976 -- July 13 , 2012 )  was an American actor , film director , film producer , and film distributor .
Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey  ( 2007 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Chéri  ( 2009 )  , and The Tempest  ( 2010 )  .
Leicester became the last team to win the League Cup at the original Wembley Stadium .
The album has had a strong cultural impact ; the song `` Time of the Preacher '' has been used often in the series Edge of Darkness , and its lyrics were used as well in the first issue of the comic Preacher .
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name .
Haifa  (  [ χei̯ˈfa , ˈχai̯fa ]  حيفا )  , is the third-largest city in the State of Israel , with a population of in .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Into the Woods received three Academy Award nominations at the 87th Academy Awards , including a Best Supporting Actress nomination for Streep , as well as three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy .
Ronald Wilson Reagan  (  [ ˈrɒnəld ˈwɪlsən ˈreɪɡən ]  )   ( February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 )  was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Born and raised in Scottsdale , Arizona , Stone began acting as a child , in a theater production of The Wind in the Willows in 2000 .
Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film co-written , produced , and directed by Ben Stiller .
NSYNC consisted of Justin Timberlake , JC Chasez , Chris Kirkpatrick , Joey Fatone , and Lance Bass .
He played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire .
He is an enigmatic figure known chiefly through the accounts of classical writers , especially the writings of his students Plato and Xenophon and the plays of his contemporary Aristophanes .
Providence is the capital of and most populous city in the U.S. state of Rhode Island , founded in 1636 , and one of the oldest cities in the United States .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
He is currently signed to WWE , as an ambassador and trainer , since December 2010 .
The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of fantasy films from Walden Media , based on The Chronicles of Narnia , a series of novels by C. S. Lewis .
Since that time , most US space exploration efforts have been led by NASA , including the Apollo Moon landing missions , the Skylab space station , and later the Space Shuttle .
Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' '  ( born May 31 , 1930 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
He also starred as the lead in the box office success My Bloody Valentine 3D and portrayed Jason Todd in the popular animated film Batman : Under the Red Hood .
The character was created by writer Gerry Conway and artists John Romita Sr. and Ross Andru , with publisher Stan Lee green-lighting the name .
McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish -- American War , raised protective tariffs to promote American industry , and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
Cyrus ' independently-released fifth studio album Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz  ( 2015 )  deviated from her traditional pop style for more psychedelic experimentation .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
Jay Alan Sekulow  ( born June 10 , 1956 )  is an American attorney and Chief Counsel for the American Center for Law & Justice  ( ACLJ )  .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support , but in August 2014 the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive , and was released worldwide in August 2015 .
One World Trade Center  ( also known as 1 World Trade Center , 1 WTC or Freedom Tower )  is the main building of the rebuilt World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan , New York City .
To date , Avenged Sevenfold has released seven studio albums , one live album/DVD , two compilation albums and eighteen singles and have sold over 8 million albums worldwide .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
She has appeared in the films The Prestige , Vicky Cristina Barcelona  ( for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe )  , The Town , The Awakening , Frost/Nixon , Iron Man 3 , Transcendence , and The Gift .
`` Stars Are Blind '' is the debut single recorded by American recording artist Paris Hilton .
Graduating in 1948 , he moved his family to West Texas and entered the oil business , becoming a millionaire by the age of 40 .
The draft was held April 18 -- 19 , 1998 , at the Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York .
One of the major stars of Hollywood 's Golden Age , Tracy was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor and won two , sharing the record for nominations in that category with Laurence Olivier .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
Stone first came to attention for her role in the miniseries War and Remembrance  ( 1989 )  and early mainstream prominence followed with her part in Paul Verhoeven 's Total Recall  ( 1990 )  .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
From 2004 to 2006 , Khaled assisted in the production of the hip-hop albums Real Talk by Fabolous , True Story by Terror Squad , All or Nothing and Me , Myself , & I by Fat Joe .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
In 2008 , Ament released his first solo album , Tone .
He lived in Aspen , Colorado for much of his life and was known for his love of Colorado which he sang about numerous times .
Tesla , Inc.  ( formerly named Tesla Motors )  is a major American automaker , energy storage company , and solar panel manufacturer based in Palo Alto , California .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Alec Sokolow is an American film writer who has worked on such projects as the movies Cheaper by the Dozen , Toy Story , Money Talks , and Garfield : The Movie .
The film was released on October 21 , 2016 by 20th Century Fox , received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb , grossing $ 29 million against its $ 40 million budget .
Amazon.com  (  [ ˈæməzɒn ]  or  [ ˈæməzən ]  )  , also called Amazon , is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company that was founded on July 5 , 1994 , by Jeff Bezos and is based in Seattle , Washington .
Xbox One is a line of home video game consoles developed by Microsoft .
He is Journey 's last original constant member , having participated in every album and tour to date .
A film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's tragedy of the same name , it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder .
Through Corymore Productions , a company that she co-owned with her husband Peter Shaw , Lansbury assumed ownership of the series and was its executive producer for the final four seasons .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
She played reporter Lois Lane in the 2013 superhero film Man of Steel and a troubled con artist in David O. Russell 's film American Hustle ; for the latter , she won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Ratajkowski began acting as a child in the San Diego area before she gained a recurring role on iCarly and later roles in major films .
Emilio Estevez  (  [ ɛˈmiljoʊ ɛstˈɛbɛs ]  born May 12 , 1962 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
It was founded in 2002 by entrepreneur Elon Musk with the goal of reducing space transportation costs and enabling the colonization of Mars .
Melvin Brooks  ( né Kaminsky , born June 28 , 1926 )  is an American filmmaker , comedian , actor and composer .
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture .
She is known for her roles as cheerleader Claire Bennet on the NBC sci-fi series Heroes  ( 2006 -- 10 )  , Juliette Barnes in the ABC/CMT musical-drama series Nashville  ( 2012 -- present )  and Kairi in the video game series Kingdom Hearts .
The franchise 's second film , subtitled Dead Man 's Chest , was released three years later in 2006 ; the sequel proved successful , breaking financial records worldwide the day of its premiere .
Spiders  ( order Araneae )  are air-breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom .
Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 .
Sorum is currently a member of the touring project , Kings of Chaos , and is a former member of both The Cult and Y Kant Tori Read .
Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war drama film set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II .
Anton Viktorovich Yelchin  ( Анто́н Ви́кторович Ельчи́н March 11 , 1989 -- June 19 , 2016 )  was an American actor .
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez  ( born July 27 , 1975 )  , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman .
Radiohead are an English alternative rock band from Abingdon , Oxfordshire , formed in 1985 .
Mankatha released on 31 August 2011 worldwide to generally positive reviews and grossed the second biggest opening of all time after Endhiran at the time of release .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
Popeye is a 1980 American musical comedy film directed by Robert Altman .
In 70 , he besieged and captured Jerusalem , and destroyed the city and the Second Temple .
Santos Futebol Clube  (  [ ˈsɐ̃tus futʃiˈbɔw ˈklubi ]  )  , commonly known as Santos or Peixe  (  [ ˈpejʃi ]  )  , is a Brazilian professional football club based in Vila Belmiro , a bairro in the city of Santos .
Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan , New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world , and the city is home to the world 's two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization , the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
Among four dialects and/or many dialects , Phedape dialect is widely spoken and well understood by most Yakthungpan speakers .
The French Open , often referred to as Roland-Garros  (  [ ʁɔlɑ̃ ɡaʁɔs ]  )  , is a major tennis tournament held over two weeks between late May and early June at the Stade Roland-Garros in Paris , France .
Besides the aforementioned news , information and opinions , they include weather forecasts ; criticism and reviews of the arts  ( including literature , film , television , theater , fine arts , and architecture )  and of local services such as restaurants ; obituaries , birth notices and graduation announcements ; entertainment features such as crosswords , horoscopes , editorial cartoons , gag cartoons , and comic strips ; advice columns , food , and other columns ; and radio and television listings  ( program schedules )  .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
Athens is the nation 's capital and largest city , followed by Thessaloniki .
The band experienced multiple line-up changes , with Iommi being the only constant member throughout its history .
It has an area of 105 km2 and a population of 2,229,621 in 2013 within its administrative limits .
Martina Navratilova  ( Martina Navrátilová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈnavraːcɪlovaː ]  ; born Martina Šubertová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈʃubɛrtovaː ]  ; October 18 , 1956 )  is a Czech and American retired tennis player and coach .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
He has won seven times on the PGA Tour , with these wins spanning over 12 years .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Williams has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974 , composing music for all but two of his feature films .
The series is inspired by several actual Democratic legislators who share a row house in D.C. : Senator Dick Durbin  ( D-IL )  , Senator Chuck Schumer  ( D-NY )  , and Representative George Miller  ( D-CA )  .
 (  [ jəˈmɑːhə ]  or  [ ˈjɑːməhə ]   [ jamaha ]  )  is a Japanese multinational corporation and conglomerate based in Japan with a very wide range of products and services , predominantly musical instruments , electronics , motorcycles and power sports equipment .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Thicke has worked with several artists , such as Christina Aguilera , Nicki Minaj , K. Michelle , Pharrell Williams , Usher , Jennifer Hudson , Flo Rida , Brandy , Kid Cudi and Mary J. Blige , among others .
It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Elvis Aaron Presley  ( January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 )  was an American singer-songwriter and actor .
The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge , a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas .
The series draws consistently high ratings for the FX network , with its first season being the most-viewed new cable series of 2011 .
My Own Private Idaho is a 1991 American independent adventure drama film written and directed by Gus Van Sant , loosely based on Shakespeare 's Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V , and starring River Phoenix and Keanu Reeves .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
Roosevelt was born in 1882 to an old , prominent Dutch family from Dutchess County , New York and attended Groton School .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
Tetris  ( , pronounced  [ ˈtɛtrʲɪs ]  )  is a tile-matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
Elfman is best known for his work scoring films and television shows , in particular his frequent collaborations with director Tim Burton , and for being the lead singer and songwriter for the band Oingo Boingo from 1974 to 1995 .
The population of the city has increased tenfold since the 1950s , as migrants from across Anatolia have moved in and city limits have expanded to accommodate them .
Thirteen Reasons Why is a 2007 young adult novel written by Jay Asher .
Klute is a 1971 American neo-noir crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula , written by Andy and Dave Lewis , and starring Jane Fonda , Donald Sutherland , Charles Cioffi , and Roy Scheider .
The Khmer Empire , officially the Angkor Empire , the predecessor state to modern Cambodia  ( `` Kampuchea '' or `` Srok Khmer '' to the Khmer people )  , was a powerful Hindu-Buddhist empire in Southeast Asia .
He served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2011 .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
It stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston , Samuel L. Jackson , John Goodman , Brie Larson , Jing Tian , Toby Kebbell , John Ortiz , Corey Hawkins , Jason Mitchell , Shea Whigham , Thomas Mann , Terry Notary and John C. Reilly .
`` Live Your Life '' is a song by American rapper T.I. , from his sixth studio album , Paper Trail  ( 2008 )  , and features Barbadian singer Rihanna .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
Previously identifying publicly as male , Jenner revealed her identity as a trans woman in April 2015 , publicly announcing her name change from Bruce to Caitlyn in a July 2015 Vanity Fair cover story .
Charles II  ( 29 May 1630 -- 6 February 1685 )  was king of England , Scotland and Ireland .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Goldsmith was nominated for six Grammy Awards , five Primetime Emmy Awards , nine Golden Globe Awards , four British Academy Film Awards , and eighteen Academy Awards  ( he won only one , in 1976 , for The Omen )  .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Current research directions include determining the exact mechanism of the disease , improving animal models to aid with research , testing of medications to treat symptoms or slow the progression of the disease , and studying procedures such as stem cell therapy with the goal of repairing damage caused by the disease .
Lumen Ann Pierce is a fictional character portrayed by Julia Stiles in the Showtime television series Dexter , season 5 .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
A major film studio is a production and film distributor that releases a substantial number of films annually and consistently commands a significant share of box office revenue in a given market .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
He has coached and worked with Shailene Woodley , Ashley Greene , Agnes Bruckner , Nick Robinson , Chace Crawford , Cory Monteith , Dania Ramirez , Sasha Alexander , Chris Owen , Stevie Lynn Jones , Dree Hemingway , Michael Lomenda , JC Chasez , China Chow , Brock Kelly , Judith Hill , Samantha Mumba , Rocco DiSpirito , Olivia Holt , Ian Harding , Alexandra Daddario , Edy Ganem , Trevor Donovan , Daniel Cudmore , Charlie Bewley , Ashton Holmes , Larissa Oleynik , Lorenza Izzo , Carmen Electra , Allison Miller , Jenna Dewan-Tatum , Lucy Fry , Josh Zuckerman , Sadie Calvano , Taryn Southern , Ryan Rottman , Chaz Bono , Jill Wagner , Joe Slaughter , Mark Hapka , Matt Dallas , Brad Rowe , and Quddus Phillippe .
Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr.  ( born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 )  was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
He portrays a young Bruce Wayne in Fox 's TV series Gotham , based on the DC Comics alter ego of the superhero Batman .
Eddie Vedder  ( born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 )  is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists .
Michael Carlyle Hall  ( born February 1 , 1971 )  is an American actor , known for his role as Dexter Morgan , a serial killer and blood spatter analyst , in the Showtime TV Network series Dexter , and as David Fisher in the HBO drama series Six Feet Under .
MacFarlane is the creator of the TV series Family Guy  ( 1999 -- 2003 , 2005 -- present )  , co-creator of the TV series American Dad !
Donkey is a fast-talking donkey created by William Steig and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise .
Serbia  (  [ ˈsɜrbiə ]  , Србија / Srbija ,  [ sř̩bija ]  )  , officially the Republic of Serbia  ( Република Србија / Republika Srbija )  , is a landlocked sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe , covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans .
Puerto Rico  ( Spanish for `` Rich Port '' )  , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  ( Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' )  and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
Starbucks locations serve hot and cold drinks , whole-bean coffee , microground instant coffee known as VIA , espresso , caffe latte , full - and loose-leaf teas including Teavana tea products , Evolution Fresh juices , Frappuccino beverages , La Boulange pastries , and snacks including items such as chips and crackers ; some offerings  ( including their annual fall launch of the Pumpkin Spice Latte )  are seasonal or specific to the locality of the store .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
She is best known for her lead role as Elizabeth Woodville in The White Queen  ( 2013 )  , which earned her a Golden Globe nomination , and her starring roles as Ilsa Faust in Mission : Impossible -- Rogue Nation  ( 2015 )  and as Dr. Miranda North in Life  ( 2017 )  .
Robert Sylvester Kelly  ( born January 8 , 1967 )  , known professionally as R. Kelly , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and former professional basketball player .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
The ancient Christian churches all venerate Peter as a major saint and as the founder of the Church of Antioch and the Roman Church , but differ in their attitudes regarding the authority of his present-day successors .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
The film follows a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants over the course of an evening at a remote summer home .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
For Gravity 's Rainbow , Pynchon won the 1974 U.S. National Book Award for Fiction .
Conflicts with the Russian Empire in 19th century led to significant territorial losses .
Hawking is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts , a lifetime member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences , and a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award in the US .
The Evil Queen , also known as the Wicked Queen or just the Queen , and sometimes instead identified by her given name as Queen Grimhilde , is the primary antagonist in Disney 's 1937 animated film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and a villain character in the extended Disney 's Snow White franchise .
Formerly titled The Cosmopolitan , the magazine was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women 's magazine in the late 1960s .
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
After winning an Academy Award for From Here to Eternity , he starred in The Man with the Golden Arm  ( 1955 )  , and received critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate  ( 1962 )  .
Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok-joo is a South Korean television series starring Lee Sung-kyung in the title role .
He won the March 2012 presidential election with 64 % of the vote , a result which aligned with pre-election polling .
` Pranab Kumar Mukherjee  ( born 11 December 1935 )  is the 13th and current President of India , he has been in office since July 2012 .
The film also stars Brian Cox as Ward Abbott , Joan Allen as Pamela Landy and Julia Stiles as Nicky Parsons .
Music Bank is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2 .
She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
Hawaii is the only U.S. state located in Oceania and the only one composed entirely of islands .
Through the Revolutionary Wars , it unleashed a wave of global conflicts that extended from the Caribbean to the Middle East .
Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking , maintaining a healthy weight , not drinking too much alcohol , eating plenty of vegetables , fruits and whole grains , vaccination against certain infectious diseases , not eating too much processed and red meat , and avoiding too much sunlight exposure .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
Paquin went on to become a successful child actress , receiving multiple Young Artist Award nominations for her roles in Fly Away Home  ( 1996 )  , The Member of the Wedding  ( 1997 )  , and A Walk on the Moon  ( 1999 )  , and was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture for appearing in Cameron Crowe 's comedy-drama film Almost Famous  ( 2000 )  .
Kristen Anne Bell  ( born July 18 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer .
John Matthew Heard , Jr.  ( born March 7 , 1945 )  is an American film and television actor .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
He is currently signed to WWE , as an ambassador and trainer , since December 2010 .
John Wick : Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
Throughout the 1990s and 2000s , Bowie continued to experiment with musical styles , including industrial and jungle .
Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of parliament and government .
The series is based on the Heartland book series by Lauren Brooke .
She twice won the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Actress , for Ask Any Girl  ( 1959 )  , and The Apartment  ( 1960 )  ; and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy-Variety or Music Special for the 1976 TV special , Gypsy In My Soul .
Ajay Devgan  ( born Vishal Veeru Devgan on 2 April 1969 )  , also credited as Ajay Devgn , is an Indian film actor , director and producer .
Matthew Paige Damon  (  [ ˈdeɪmən ]  born October 8 , 1970 )  is an American actor , film producer , and screenwriter .
Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis `` Bad '' Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show  ( 1971 )  , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot  ( 1974 )  , Starman  ( 1984 )  , The Contender  ( 2000 )  , True Grit  ( 2010 )  , and Hell or High Water  ( 2016 )  .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
Frenemies is a 2012 teen comedy-drama television film and anthology based on the novel of the same name by Alexa Young which premiered on Disney Channel .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
The dog was the first domesticated species and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors , sensory capabilities , and physical attributes .
Jim Crow laws were state and local laws that enforced racial segregation in the Southern United States .
He was also known for playing Frankenstein in the original Death Race movie and Bill in both Kill Bill films .
In 2016 , Britton had a recurring role as socialite Faye Resnick in the first season of FX true crime anthology series American Crime Story .
He graduated from West Point in 1915 and later married Mamie Doud , with whom he had two sons .
iO , or iO Chicago ,  ( formerly known as `` ImprovOlympic '' )  is an improv theater and training center in central Chicago , with a branch in Los Angeles called iO West .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
The Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati is one of the world 's most visited religious sites , with 18.25 million visitors per year .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
Vienna  (  [ viˈɛnə ]  Wien ,  [ viːn ]  )  is the capital and largest city of Austria and one of the nine states of Austria .
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties , including ancient Numidians , Phoenicians , Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Byzantines , Umayyads , Abbasids , Idrisid , Aghlabid , Rustamid , Fatimids , Zirid , Hammadids , Almoravids , Almohads , Spaniards , Ottomans and the French colonial empire .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He failed , walked out , and founded a third party , the Progressive , so-called `` Bull Moose '' Party , which called for wide-ranging progressive reforms .
Milica Bogdanovna `` Milla '' JovovichSerbian Cyrillic : Милица Јововић ; Милица Йовович Милиця Йовович  (  [ ˈjoʊvəvɪtʃ ]  ; born December 17 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model , musician , and fashion designer .
The Fifth Element  ( Le Cinquième Élément )  is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson .
L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
Worcester is located approximately 40 mi west of Boston , 50 mi east of Springfield and 40 mi north of Providence .
It is known for developing games for several acclaimed video game franchises including Assassin 's Creed , Far Cry , Just Dance , Prince of Persia , Rayman , and Tom Clancy 's .
This Is Us is an American television series created by Dan Fogelman that premiered on NBC on September 20 , 2016 .
The Supremes were an American female singing group and the premier act of Motown Records during the 1960s .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Lilith  (  [ ˈlɪlɪθ ]  לִילִית Lîlîṯ )  is a figure in Jewish mythology , developed earliest in the Babylonian Talmud  ( 3rd to 5th centuries )  .
Johansson subsequently starred in Manny & Lo  ( 1996 )  , and garnered further acclaim and prominence with roles in The Horse Whisperer  ( 1998 )  and Ghost World  ( 2001 )  .
The series is inspired by several actual Democratic legislators who share a row house in D.C. : Senator Dick Durbin  ( D-IL )  , Senator Chuck Schumer  ( D-NY )  , and Representative George Miller  ( D-CA )  .
The province is Canada 's most linguistically homogeneous , with 97.6 % of residents reporting English  ( Newfoundland English )  as their mother tongue in the 2006 census .
 ( 1990 )  , Everybody Wins  ( 1990 )  , Cape Fear  ( 1991 )  , Lorenzo 's Oil  ( 1992 )  , The Thin Red Line  ( 1998 )  , Hulk  ( 2003 )  , The Good Thief  ( 2003 )  , Hotel Rwanda  ( 2004 )  , Tropic Thunder  ( 2008 )  , A Walk in the Woods  ( 2015 )  and The Ridiculous 6  ( 2015 )  .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
The octopus  (  [ ˈɒktpəs ]  or ~  [ əpʊs ]  )  is a soft-bodied , eight-armed mollusc of the order Octopoda .
Wu Yifan  ( , pronounced  [ - cmnu2-i4fan4 ]  , ; born November 6 , 1990 )  , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
The only actors to appear in all iterations of the show so far are Evan Peters , Sarah Paulson and Lily Rabe .
Jacqueline Marie `` Jackie '' Evancho  (  [ iːˈvæŋkoʊ ]  ; born April 9 , 2000 )  is an American classical crossover singer who gained wide recognition at an early age and , since 2009 , has issued an EP and seven albums , including a platinum and gold album and three Billboard 200 top 10 debuts .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
Hearing loss , also known as hearing impairment , is a partial or total inability to hear .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
Jerome  (  [ dʒəˈroʊm ]  Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus Εὐσέβιος Σωφρόνιος Ἱερώνυμος c. 27 March 347 -- 30 September 420 )  was a priest , confessor , theologian and historian .
Fantasy films are films that belong to the fantasy genre with fantastic themes , usually involving magic , supernatural events , mythology , folklore , or exotic fantasy worlds .
Upon returning to Tennessee , he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court , serving from 1798 until 1804 .
Hangul enabled anyone in the general Korean population to easily learn to read and write and transfer written information rather than spending years learning complicated ancient Chinese .
Helike  (  [ ˈhɛlᵻkiː ]  Ἑλίκη , pronounced  [ heˈlikɛː ]  , modern  [ eˈlici ]  )  was an ancient Greek city that was submerged by a tsunami in the winter of 373 BC .
Victor Marie Hugo  (  [ viktɔʁ maʁi yɡo ]  ; 26 February 1802 -- 22 May 1885 )  was a French poet , novelist , and dramatist of the Romantic movement .
White has appeared in several films including Beautiful Ohio , The Speed of Life , Afterschool and Twelve , currently filming `` Shotgun ''
She is the daughter of 2008 presidential nominee and long-time U.S. Senator John McCain and Cindy Hensley McCain .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
He found further popular and critical success with The Dark Knight Trilogy  ( 2005 -- 2012 )  ; Inception  ( 2010 )  , for which he received a second Original Screenplay nomination and one for the Academy Award for Best Picture ; and Interstellar  ( 2014 )  .
Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .
Prior to the Presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and the state 's 42nd Governor from 1983 to 1992 .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Antinuclear antibodies  ( ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF )  are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus .
It was filmed on location at the Gold Coast in 2011 .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
Champion is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film based on a short story by Ring Lardner .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
Moscow is considered the centre of Russian culture , having served as the home of Russian artists , scientists and sports figures and because of the presence of museums , academic and political institutions and theatres .
Robert Renfroe Riley  ( born October 3 , 1944 )  is an American politician who was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 to 2011 .
It is the sequel to the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , which began 20th Century Fox 's reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series .
The Queen has since been voiced by Eleanor Audley , June Foray , Janet Waldo , Eda Reiss Merin , Louise Chamis and Susanne Blakeslee , and was portrayed live by Anne Francine  ( musical )  , Jane Curtin  ( 50th anniversary TV special )  , and Olivia Wilde  ( Disney Dream Portraits )  , Kathy Najimy  ( Descendants )  , and in an alternative version , by Lana Parrilla  ( Once Upon a Time )  .
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
In 2007 , Vedder released his first solo album as a soundtrack for the film Into the Wild  ( 2007 )  .
Sense and Sensibility is a novel by Jane Austen , published in 1811 .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Gabon  (  [ ɡəˈbɒn ]   [ ɡabɔ̃ ]  )  , officially the Gabonese Republic  ( République gabonaise )  , is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa .
Lukaku made his professional debut while still at school at the age of 16 , and became the 2009 -- 10 top scorer in Belgium as Anderlecht won the Belgian championship .
Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life and times of one of America 's first supermodels , Gia Marie Carangi .
Wayne gained more prominence with his sixth album Tha Carter III  ( 2008 )  , which became his most successful album to date , with first-week sales of over one million copies in the United States .
Ho Gaya Na ... and had her first Telugu film release in 2007 Lakshmi Kalyanam .
Allure is an American women 's beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
Genghis Khan  (  [ ˈdʒɛŋɡɪs ˈkɑːn ]  , usually pronounced  [ ˈɡɛŋɡɪs ˈkɑːn ]  Чингис хаан , Çingis hán  [ t͡ʃʰiŋɡɪs xaːŋ ]  , c. 1162 August 18 , 1227 )  , born Temüjin , was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire , which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death .
As a former IAS officer and he served as Secretary to the President of India and as High Commissioner to South Africa and Sri Lanka , among other administrative and diplomatic posts .
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office ; it is only a formal statement of charges , akin to an indictment in criminal law , and is thus only the first step towards removal .
From 2006 to 2013 , Baldwin starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock , winning two Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show , making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
The band subsequently recorded an EP , For Your Lungs Only  ( 1998 )  , and its debut studio album , Goddamnit  ( 1998 )  .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Persuasion premiered on 1 April 2007 in the United Kingdom and was watched by 5.4 million viewers .
Dominick John Dunne  ( October 29 , 1925 -- August 26 , 2009 )  was an American producer , writer and investigative journalist .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Anderson received critical and commercial success for his film Boogie Nights  ( 1997 )  , set during the Golden Age of Porn in the 1970s and 1980s .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
Lymph nodes are major sites of B and T lymphocytes , and other white blood cells .
She is also known as the voice of Jessie in the Toy Story franchise .
Rajon Pierre Rondo  ( born February 22 , 1986 )  is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
The gray wolf is one of the world 's best-known and most-researched animals , with probably more books written about it than any other wildlife species .
The Bridges of Madison County is a 1995 American romantic drama film based on the best-selling novel of the same name by Robert James Waller .
Russia  (  [ ˈrʌʃə ]   [ Россия , Rossiya , rɐˈsʲijə ]  )  , also officially the Russian Federation  (  [ Российская Федерация , r = Rossiyskaya Federatsiya , p = rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə ]  )  , is a country in Eurasia .
He became famous as a child actor for his role as Kevin McCallister in the family comedy Home Alone  ( 1990 )  and its sequel Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York  ( 1992 )  .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
Hungarians can be classified into several subgroups according to local linguistic and cultural characteristics ; subgroups with distinct identities include the Székelys , the Csángós , the Palóc , and the Jász people .
From 1998 to 2002 , she was co-producer of the television game show Hollywood Squares .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson  ( December 10 , 1830 -- May 15 , 1886 )  was an American poet .
He is best known for the liberal decisions of the so-called Warren Court , which outlawed segregation in public schools and transformed many areas of American law , especially regarding the rights of the accused , ending public school-sponsored prayers , and requiring `` one man -- one vote '' rules of apportionment of election districts .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Casey Ryback is a fictional character and action hero from the Under Siege films of the 1990s .
In 2016 , Jones starred in the adventure-thriller Inferno , the fantasy drama A Monster Calls and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
The Emoji Movie is an upcoming 2017 American 3D computer-animated buddy adventure comedy film written and directed by Tony Leondis and co-written by Eric Siegel and Mike White .
He is best known for playing Julius Caesar and Cupid in Xena : Warrior Princess and Hercules : The Legendary Journeys , Éomer in the second and third installments of Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy , Vaako in second and third installments of the Riddick film series , Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy in Star Trek , Star Trek Into Darkness and Star Trek Beyond , and Judge Dredd in Dredd .
A live-action film was released in 2005 entitled Constantine , in which an Americanized version of the character is played by actor Keanu Reeves .
Anthony Howard Goldwyn  ( born May 20 , 1960 )  is an American actor , producer , director and political activist .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
They are based on the 1937 novel The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien , with large portions of the trilogy inspired by the appendices to The Return of the King , which expand on the story told in The Hobbit , as well as new material and characters written especially for the films .
He won several awards for his work on Family Guy , including two Primetime Emmy Awards and an Annie Award .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy .
In general terms , Asia is bounded on the east by the Pacific Ocean , on the south by the Indian Ocean and on the north by the Arctic Ocean .
It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings .
Turn : Washington 's Spies  ( formerly known as Turn and stylized as TURN : Washington 's Spies and TURИ : Washington 's Spies )  is a period drama based on Alexander Rose 's book Washington 's Spies : The Story of America 's First Spy Ring  ( 2007 )  , a history of the Culper Ring .
Machu Picchu was built in the classical Inca style , with polished dry-stone walls .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
The earliest symptoms are often subtle problems with mood or mental abilities .
Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
Louis-Dreyfus holds several records for most Primetime Emmy Award wins and nominations .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
He is known for playing Kim Hyde in the Australian TV series Home and Away  ( 2004-07 )  and Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2011 .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
It was founded in 1921 by Donald Wills Douglas , Sr. and later merged with McDonnell Aircraft in 1967 to form McDonnell Douglas .
In 2010 , Hall won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for his role in Dexter .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
Gellar also gained significant attention for her appearances in the slasher movies I Know What You Did Last Summer  ( 1997 )  and Scream 2  ( 1997 )  , and for her portrayal of Kathryn Merteuil in Cruel Intentions  ( 1999 )  .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback , Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
The film is written by Larry Gross and Roberta Hanley and is adapted from the best-selling novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho .
Helen Adams Keller  ( June 27 , 1880 -- June 1 , 1968 )  was an American author , political activist , and lecturer .
The Hopman Cup is an annual international eight-team indoor hardcourt tennis tournament held in Perth , Western Australia in early January  ( sometimes commencing in late December )  each year , which plays mixed-gender teams on a country-by-country basis .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
Karan Johar  ( born 25 May 1972 )  , often informally referred to as KJo , is an Indian film director , producer , screenwriter , costume designer , actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films .
Recording sessions for A Thousand Suns took place at NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood , California from 2008 until early 2010 .
The series premiered on HBO on June 5 , 2005 and aired for a single , 13-episode season before being canceled .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
At age 26 , he began his first military campaign against the Austrians and their Italian allies -- winning virtually every battle , conquering the Italian Peninsula in a year , and becoming a national hero .
He has been at Pixar since 2007 , where he started as a 2D animator on Ratatouille .
Cedric Yarbrough  ( born March 20 , 1973 )  is an American comedian , singer , and actor .
The album produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts : a cover of J.D. Souther 's `` How Long '' and `` Busy Being Fabulous '' , both of which were Top 30 hits on the country charts as well as Top 20 hits on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts .
`` My Sweet Lord '' is a song by English musician and former Beatle , George Harrison .
It was founded in 2014 by CEO Gabriel Hammond and Chief Creative Officer , Daniel Hammond .
In 1692 , the town of Salem , Massachusetts and surrounding areas experienced one of the most infamous cases of mass hysteria in the history of the Western Hemisphere , the Salem witch trials .
Daft Punk are a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter .
However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
Disney also owns and operates the ABC broadcast television network ; cable television networks such as Disney Channel , ESPN , A+E Networks , and Freeform ; publishing , merchandising , music , and theatre divisions ; and owns and licenses 14 theme parks around the world .
He won his first Primetime Emmy Award for his role in American Horror Story : Asylum  ( 2012 )  and a Canadian Screen Award for his role in Still Mine  ( 2013 )  .
Lucas
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
J.Lo is the second studio album and most successful album to date by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
Emily Jane Browning  ( born 7 December 1988 )  is an Australian actress and singer .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
It was co-written by John Milius with narration written by Michael Herr .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani  ( Unique Prem 's  ( Love 's )  Amazing Story )  is a 2009 Indian romantic comedy film .
Prince Rogers Nelson  ( June 7 , 1958 -- April 21 , 2016 )  was an American singer-songwriter , actor , multi-instrumentalist , philanthropist , dancer and record producer .
In 1956 , the Hyderabad state was dissolved as part of the linguistic reorganisation of states and Telangana was merged with former Andhra State to form Andhra Pradesh .
Anime created by Sunrise that have won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize are Mobile Suit Gundam in 1979 and the first half of 1980 , Space Runaway Ideon in the second half of 1980 , Crusher Joe  ( co-production with Studio Nue )  in 1983 , Dirty Pair in 1985 , Future GPX Cyber Formula in 1991 , Gundam SEED in 2002 , Gundam SEED Destiny in 2004 and 2005 , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion in 2006 and 2007 and Code Geass R2 in 2008 , thus making Sunrise as the studio that won the most number of Animage Awards .
The lyrics discuss the self-empowerment of minorities including the LGBT community as well as racial minorities , referring to `` cholas '' and `` orients '' , which drew criticism from Latino and Asian communities .
Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner , and he works to free his father from service to Davy Jones .
In 2008 , she married her longtime girlfriend Portia de Rossi .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
With its realistic look at urban gay life in the Ronald Reagan era and at the height of the AIDS crisis , many film critics consider it an important movie in the history of gay cinema .
James Blake Litherland  ( born 26 September 1988 )  , known as James Blake , is an English singer , songwriter , musician and record producer from London .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
Since the late 20th century , consensus among Western scholars has consistently held Eisenhower as one of the greatest U.S. Presidents .
The Champ is a 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and a remake of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor .
She is best known for her lead role as Elizabeth Woodville in The White Queen  ( 2013 )  , which earned her a Golden Globe nomination , and her starring roles as Ilsa Faust in Mission : Impossible -- Rogue Nation  ( 2015 )  and as Dr. Miranda North in Life  ( 2017 )  .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
He has been variously called the father of palaeontology , ichnology , and architecture , and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
STS-96 launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 27 May 1999 at 06:49:42 AM EDT .
Born and raised in Tennessee , he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child .
Shares of Google 's stock have been converted into Alphabet stock , which trade under Google 's former ticker symbols of `` GOOG '' and `` GOOGL '' .
The band was founded in September 1995 by percussionist Shawn Crahan and bassist Paul Gray .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones  ( 2011 -- present )  , which brought her international recognition and critical praise .
Wonder Woman has also regularly appeared in comic books featuring the superhero teams Justice Society  ( from 1941 )  and Justice League  ( from 1960 )  .
`` California Gurls '' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album , Teenage Dream  ( 2010 )  .
Haiti  (  [ ˈheɪti ]  Haïti  [ a.iti ]  Ayiti  [ ajiti ]  )  , officially the Republic of Haiti and formerly called Hayti , is a country located on the island of Hispaniola in the Greater Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean Sea .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
The 1991 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1990 -- 91 NBA season .
Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 .
Mark Alan Ruffalo  (  [ ˈrʌfəloʊ ]  , born November 22 , 1967 )  is an American actor , humanitarian , social activist and film producer .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus .
The screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. and David Rayfiel was adapted from the 1974 novel Six Days of the Condor by James Grady .
She rose to fame for her role as The Girl in the romantic comedy My Sassy Girl  ( 2001 )  , one of the highest-grossing Korean comedies of all time .
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Wayne Wang and based on a story by John Hughes , who is credited using a pseudonym .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' '  ( born May 31 , 1930 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
Matthew Gregory Kuchar  ( born June 21 , 1978 )  is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
The tiger  ( Panthera tigris )  is the largest cat species , most recognisable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside .
Miss Selfridge is a nationwide UK high street store which began as the young fashion section of Selfridges department store in London in 1966 .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
On June 29 , 2009 , Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
The New York Times  ( sometimes abbreviated NYT and The Times )  is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by The New York Times Company .
It hosts various events , including an annual air show on and over the beach , and the largest independent flower show in the UK , in Victoria Park .
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
He portrayed `` Mad '' Max Rockatansky in the post-apocalyptic film Mad Max : Fury Road  ( 2015 )  , and both of the Kray twins in the crime thriller Legend  ( 2015 )  .
Evil , in a general context is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good .
It also had great influence in England and France .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
Some of her notable films included Patty Hearst  ( 1988 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Nell  ( 1994 )  , The Parent Trap  ( 1998 )  , and Maid in Manhattan  ( 2002 )  .
The film stars Tobey Maguire , Kirsten Dunst , James Franco , Thomas Haden Church , Topher Grace , Bryce Dallas Howard , Rosemary Harris , J. K. Simmons , James Cromwell and Cliff Robertson in his final acting appearance before his death in 2011 .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
Jeffrey Leon Bridges  ( born December 4 , 1949 )  is an American actor , singer , and producer .
After graduating at 19 , Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University , learning and eventually creating his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham -- value investing .
In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
Fisher died of cardiac arrest on December 27 , 2016 , at age 60 , four days after experiencing a medical emergency during a transatlantic flight from London to Los Angeles .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
The series is a revival of sorts of the network 's 1998 series of the same name , changing its primary setting from Chicago to New York City .
The series premiered on Showtime on May 11 , 2014 , the first in an eight-episode season .
Possible signs and symptoms include a lump , abnormal bleeding , prolonged cough , unexplained weight loss and a change in bowel movements .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
Linda Louise , Lady McCartney  ( née Eastman ; formerly See ; September 24 , 1941 -- April 17 , 1998 )  was an American musician , photographer , animal rights activist , entrepreneur and publisher who was married to Paul McCartney of the Beatles .
Merlin is a British fantasy-adventure television programme created by Julian Jones , Jake Michie , Julian Murphy , and Johnny Capps , starring Colin Morgan in the title role .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
Filming began on 23 May 2016 in Dunkirk , France , and was shot on IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large format film stock by cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema .
He is the son of Chuck Wackerman , an educator in the Los Alamitos California Unified School District .
The Ethiopian Highlands are Africa 's largest continuous mountain ranges , and Sof Omar Caves contain Africa 's largest cave .
By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several television shows , including Doggy Fizzle Televizzle , Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood , and Dogg After Dark .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill  ( born April 10 , 1976 )  is a former United States Navy sailor .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
In international football , he was capped 37 times and scored nine goals between 1964 and 1977 , although a combination of the team 's performance and his lack of fitness in 1982 meant that he never played in the finals of a European Championship or World Cup .
The movie was written and directed by Matt Mulhern and released by IFC Films in November 2005 .
He is currently playing a District Attorney named Blake Tower in the Marvel 's series Daredevil .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani  ( born 19 April 1957 )  is an Indian business magnate who is the chairman , managing director and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Limited  ( RIL )  , a Fortune Global 500 company and India 's second-most valuable company by market value .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
Caesar refused the order , and instead marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with the 13th Legion , leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms .
Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan  (  [ ; born 27 December 1965 )  , credited as Salman Khan  ( pronunciation :  [ - hnssəlˈmaːn ˈxaːn ]  )  , is an Indian film actor , producer , television personality , singer and philanthropist .
Murder on the Orient Express is an upcoming British-American mystery film directed by Kenneth Branagh .
Winona Ryder  ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 )  is an American actress .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
The Craft is a 1996 American supernatural horror film directed by Andrew Fleming and starring Robin Tunney , Fairuza Balk , Neve Campbell , and Rachel True .
J.Lo is the second studio album and most successful album to date by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez .
Mary Elizabeth `` Tipper '' Gore  ( née Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 )  is an author , photographer , and social issues advocate who was Second Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the wife of Al Gore , the 45th Vice President of the United States , from whom she is currently separated .
MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada .
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
He is the elder son of the late Dhirubhai Ambani and Kokilaben Ambani and the brother of Anil Ambani .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
Richard Tiffany Gere  (  [ ˈɡɪər ]  ; born August 31 , 1949 )  is an American actor and humanitarian activist .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
King Kong is a 2005 epic monster adventure film co-written , produced , and directed by Peter Jackson .
The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan and written by Chad Hayes and Carey Hayes .
His early film career began with supporting roles in such mainstream films as Wanted , Jennifer 's Body , Moneyball , The Five-Year Engagement , Zero Dark Thirty , Delivery Man and Her .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
After studying improv at Chicago 's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s , she went to New York City in 1996 to become part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
Spider-Man 's creators gave him super strength and agility , the ability to cling to most surfaces , shoot spider-webs using wrist-mounted devices of his own invention , which he calls `` web-shooters '' , and react to danger quickly with his `` spider-sense '' , enabling him to combat his foes .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
Following the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolutionary War , the French government was deeply in debt and attempted to restore its financial status through unpopular taxation schemes .
It was adapted for the British television network ITV in 1996 , directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and dramatised by Andrew Davies , the same year as Miramax 's film adaptation of Emma starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
Christopher Edward Nolan  (  [ ˈnoʊlən ]  born 30 July 1970 )  is an English-American film director , screenwriter and producer .
Nick Jonas is the second eponymous studio album by American singer-songwriter Nick Jonas .
Woodard has been named one of the most versatile and accomplished actors of her generation .
Injustice 2 is a fighting video game developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
The Inhumans are a fictional race of superhumans appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Biel has since starred in many films , including The Rules of Attraction  ( 2002 )  , Blade : Trinity  ( 2004 )  , Stealth  ( 2005 )  , I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry  ( 2007 )  , The A-Team  ( 2010 )  and Total Recall  ( 2012 )  .
The Falling is a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by Carol Morley .
No fungi , plants , or animals  ( including humans )  are capable of producing vitamin B12 .
The character was first introduced as a Russian spy , an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man .
It was directed by Sam Raimi and scripted by Sam Raimi , Ivan Raimi and Alvin Sargent .
Thomas B. Kin Chong  ( born May 24 , 1938 )  is a Canadian-American comedian and actor , who is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin , as well as playing the character Leo on Fox 's That '70s Show .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
He was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following twelve seasons .
James Maury `` Jim '' Henson  ( September 24 , 1936 -- May 16 , 1990 )  was an American puppeteer , artist , cartoonist , inventor , screenwriter , film director and producer who achieved international fame as the creator of the Muppets .
Nocturnal Animals is a 2016 American neo-noir psychological thriller film written , co-produced , and directed by Tom Ford , based on the 1993 novel Tony and Susan by Austin Wright .
He was born in Wohlen bei Bern , Switzerland .
The Big Trail is a 1930 American pre-Code early widescreen movie shot on location across the American West starring John Wayne in his first leading role and directed by Raoul Walsh .
Gabourey Sidibe  (  [ ˈɡæbəˌreɪ ˈsɪdɪˌbeɪ ]  ; born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress who made her acting debut in the 2009 film Precious , a role that brought her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress .
He starred in the science fiction adventure film Explorers  ( 1985 )  , and had his first notable role in 1986 's Stand By Me , a coming-of-age film based on the novella The Body by Stephen King .
Legion  ( David Charles Haller )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim , being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the New York Herald Tribune for best juvenile fiction .
He produced the 1973 movie The Sting , for which he shared the Academy Award for Best Picture with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips .
The city is abundantly rich in water , with thirteen lakes , wetlands , the Mississippi River , creeks and waterfalls , many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .
Blending psychological horror with film noir , the film stars Kyle MacLachlan , Isabella Rossellini , Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern .
Ballard struggled with alcoholism , depression , and poverty for three years .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
Tokyo Ghoul is an upcoming Japanese dark fantasy action horror film based on the manga series Tokyo Ghoul by Sui Ishida .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
Stars Dance is the solo debut studio album by American singer Selena Gomez .
Leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells .
Reznor and Ross scored the David Fincher films The Social Network  ( 2010 )  , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  ( 2011 )  , and Gone Girl  ( 2014 )  , winning the Academy Award for Best Original Score for The Social Network and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , she separated from her third husband , actor Brad Pitt , in September 2016 .
The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , one of 13 United States courts of appeals , and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks .
It is the fourth-most populous city in Australia , with an estimated population of 2.06 million living in Greater Perth .
The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn , who produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
`` Break on Me ''  ( stylized as `` Break on Me . '' ) 
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
Directed by John Frankenheimer , it stars Burt Lancaster , Kirk Douglas , Fredric March , and Ava Gardner .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
Ariana Grande-Butera  ( born June 26 , 1993 )  , known as Ariana Grande  (  [ ˌɑriˈɑːnə ˈɡrɑːndeɪ ]  )  , is an American singer and actress .
He played gigs with numerous bands , earning a spot in Marc Benno 's band , the Nightcrawlers , and later with Denny Freeman in the Cobras , with whom he continued to work through late 1977 .
This film also stars Alicia Silverstone , Andie MacDowell , Mena Suvari , Kevin Bacon and Djimon Hounsou .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia , as well as a Golden Globe , an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a People 's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump .
Annelies Marie `` Anne '' Frank  (  [ ʔanəliːs maˈʁiː ˈʔanə ˈfʁaŋk ]  ;  [ ʔɑnəˈlis maˈri ˈʔɑnə ˈfrɑŋk ]  ; 12 June 1929 -- February or March 1945 )  was a German-born diarist .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
Bulgaria  (  [ bʌlˈɡɛəriə ,   bʊl - ]  България , tr . ) 
Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites .
Sweden  ( Konungariket Sverige )  , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
As more high-tech companies were established across the Santa Clara Valley , and then north towards the Bay Area 's two other major cities , San Francisco and Oakland , the `` Silicon Valley '' name eventually came to refer to all high-tech businesses in the region .
It is a live-action film adaptation of E. C. Segar 's Popeye comic strip and stars Robin Williams as Popeye the Sailor Man and Shelley Duvall as Olive Oyl .
Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito , a tournament among former World Cup champions .
In 2007 , she starred as a princess in the commercially successful Disney musical film Enchanted .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
It was released on 23 October 2015 as the second single from his ninth studio album , Ripcord , through Hit Red and Capitol Nashville .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
Some of her other notable films include Twister  ( 1996 )  , Cast Away  ( 2000 )  , What Women Want  ( 2000 )  , Pay It Forward  ( 2000 )  , and The Sessions  ( 2012 )  , the latter garnered her a second Academy Award nomination .
Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
Claire Catherine Danes  ( born April 12 , 1979 )  is an American actress .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Men Tell No Tales  ( also known as Pirates of the Caribbean : Salazar 's Revenge )  is a 2017 American fantasy swashbuckler film , the fifth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series and the sequel to On Stranger Tides  ( 2011 )  .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
Super Metroid is a 2D side-scrolling action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo and released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 .
The film stars Ed Speleers in the title role as well as Jeremy Irons , Garrett Hedlund , Sienna Guillory , Robert Carlyle , John Malkovich , Djimon Hounsou , Alun Armstrong and Joss Stone , with Rachel Weisz as the voice of Saphira the dragon .
Leslie Howard  ( born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 )  was an English stage and film actor , director and producer .
Linney made her Broadway debut in 1990 , before going on to receive Tony Award nominations for the 2002 revival of The Crucible , the original Broadway productions of Sight Unseen  ( 2004 )  and Time Stands Still  ( 2010 )  , as well as the 2017 revival of The Little Foxes .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues , and from country music .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Warren Edward Buffett  (  [ ˈbʌfᵻt ]  born August 30 , 1930 )  is an American business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .
Diane Ruggiero-Wright  [ ˈruːʒɪəroʊ ]  is an American television writer and producer .
From 1951 to 1955 he was appointed to Harvard University 's Society of Fellows , where he developed the theory of transformational grammar for which he was awarded his doctorate in 1955 .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards , PGA Awards , Golden Globe Awards , and Academy Awards .
One More Light is the seventh studio album by American rock band Linkin Park .
Edge of Tomorrow  ( alternatively known by its tagline Live .
Wynonna Ellen Judd  (  [ waɪˈnoʊnə ]  born Christina Claire Ciminella ; May 30 , 1964 )  is an American country music singer .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is intended to be the eighteenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Johan Heldenbergh  ( born 9 February 1967 )  is a Belgian actor , playwright , screenwriter , theatre director and film director .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories , particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre .
He made a great number of guest appearances in well-known television shows and starred in a handful of films , including a cult classic , Robinson Crusoe on Mars .
Moscow is a major political , economic , cultural , and scientific centre of Russia and Eastern Europe , as well as the largest city entirely on the European continent .
It is visited by approximately 16 million tourists every year  ( 2014 )  , making it the 16th most visited country in the world .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls  ( the other being Charles Haley )  , the only quarterback to win five and the only player to win them all playing for one team .
Ava Marie DuVernay  (  [ ˈeɪvə ˌdjuːvərˈneɪ ]  born August 24 , 1972 )  is an American director , screenwriter , film marketer , and film distributor .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
It is situated on the plain of the river Guadalquivir .
She was the recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors in 2007 , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2016 .
Since its original release , Mr. Nobody has become a cult film , noted for its philosophy and cinematography , personal characters and Pierre Van Dormael 's soundtrack .
Jerome Allen `` Jerry '' Seinfeld  ( born April 29 , 1954 )  is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer , and director .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Indian women 's cricket team .
It is primarily aimed at children and adolescents aged 8 -- 17 , while its weekday morning edutainment programs are targeted at younger children aged 0 -- 7 .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
 ( 1968 )  , Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , Hannibal Brooks  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Three Musketeers  ( 1973 )  , Tommy  ( 1975 )  , Lion of the Desert  ( 1981 )  , Castaway  ( 1986 )  , The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  ( 1988 )  and Funny Bones  ( 1995 )  .
The Gadsden flag is a historical American flag with a yellow field depicting a rattlesnake coiled and ready to strike .
Following the Cambodian coup of 1970 , the deposed king gave his support to his former enemies , the Khmer Rouge .
The only alpha world city in Malaysia , it covers an area of 243 km2 and has an estimated population of 1.73 million .
Her son and successor , Edward VII , belonged to the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , the line of his father .
Although critics on the right denounced him as a communist terrorist and those on the radical left deemed him too eager to negotiate and reconcile with apartheid 's supporters , he gained international acclaim for his activism .
He read English at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The honorific Netaji  ( Hindustani : `` Respected Leader '' )  , first applied in early 1942 to Bose in Germany by the Indian soldiers of the Indische Legion and by the German and Indian officials in the Special Bureau for India in Berlin , was later used throughout India .
The series premiered on July 19 , 2007 , on the cable network AMC .
She is known for starring as Kimberly Hart , the Pink Ranger , in the 2017 Power Rangers movie and co-starring as Maddy Shannon in the science-fiction drama series Terra Nova .
The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .
Johnson 's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002 .
Boomerang is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin .
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx , the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry .
Ice hockey is a contact team sport played on ice , usually in a rink , in which two teams of skaters use their sticks to shoot a vulcanized rubber puck into their opponent 's net to score points .
In 1935 he played in a celebrated production of Romeo and Juliet alongside Gielgud and Peggy Ashcroft , and by the end of the decade he was an established star .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
Julia Scarlett Elizabeth Louis-Dreyfus  (  [ ˈluːi ˈdraɪfəs ]  born January 13 , 1961 )  is an American actress , comedian , and producer .
After beginning his career in Argentina with Instituto de Córdoba in 2011 , he moved to Italian club Palermo in 2012 ; his performances in Serie A later earned him a transfer to Juventus in 2015 , where he won the league title , the Coppa Italia and the Supercoppa Italiana during his first season with the club .
Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero black comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita , Jr. .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
Set during the Cold War , the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan , who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers -- a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960 -- in exchange for Rudolf Abel , a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States , whom he represented at trial .
The founders had initially limited the website 's membership to Harvard students ; however , later they expanded it to higher education institutions in the Boston area , the Ivy League schools , and Stanford University .
A Perfect Circle has released three albums : their debut Mer de Noms in 2000 , a follow up , Thirteenth Step in 2003 , and an album of cover songs titled Emotive in 2004 .
It was published anonymously ; By A Lady appears on the cover page where the author 's name might have been .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
Lahore  (  [ lə ` hɔər ]  )   (  [ ,  [ )  is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International  ( NSAI )  is the world 's largest not-for-profit songwriters trade association .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
The band has gone through several phases ; its strongest commercial success occurred between 1978 and 1987 .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Among the 208 episodes , there were only four directors : Pamela Fryman  ( 196 episodes )  , Rob Greenberg  ( 7 episodes )  , Michael Shea  ( 4 episodes )  , and Neil Patrick Harris  ( 1 episode )  .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
The film subsequently won awards for its music composition and acting , notably one Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Award and two ASCAP Awards .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
It was released as the album 's second single on September 20 , 2011 through Walt Disney Records .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
It is a herbaceous annual plant grown as a grain crop primarily for its edible seeds .
Jones created Lemmings and Grand Theft Auto , which both spawned many successful sequels .
After leaving Southampton on 10 April 1912 , Titanic called at Cherbourg in France and Queenstown  ( now Cobh )  in Ireland before heading west to New York .
His first British productions were two films with Peter Sellers , Lolita  ( 1962 )  and Dr. Strangelove  ( 1964 )  .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro  (  [ ʁoˈdɾiɡu sɐ̃ˈtoɾu ]  ; born August 22 , 1975 )  is a Brazilian actor .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .
The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division .
Vito Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo 's novel The Godfather and in the first two of Francis Ford Coppola 's three Godfather films , in which he was portrayed by Marlon Brando in The Godfather and then , as a young man , by Robert De Niro in The Godfather Part II .
It has a population of 280,121 people , predominantly of African descent .
, Dubai was the 22nd most expensive city in the world and the most expensive city in the Middle East .
Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written , produced and directed by Cameron Crowe , and stars Tom Cruise , Cuba Gooding Jr. and Renée Zellweger .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
The most common symptoms are severe itchiness and a pimple-like rash .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Performance is a 1970 British crime drama film directed by Donald Cammell and Nicolas Roeg , written by Cammell and photographed by Roeg .
Philadelphia  (  [ ˌfɪləˈdɛlfi.ə ]  )  is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States , with an estimated population of 1,567,872 and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area , .
It premiered on July 24 , 2007 , on FX , and aired for three seasons before moving to the DirecTV channel Audience Network in 2010 , airing for two further seasons and concluding in 2012 .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
The Contender is a 2000 political drama film written and directed by Rod Lurie .
Asteroid Day  ( also known as International Asteroid Day )  is an annual global event that aims to raise awareness about asteroids and what can be done to protect the Earth , its families , communities , and future generations .
Marta Fran Kauffman  ( born September 21 , 1956 )  is an American writer and TV producer , best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom Friends , alongside David Crane .
Heidi Klum  (  [ ˈhaɪ̯di ˈklʊm ]  ; born June 1 , 1973 )  is a German-American supermodel , television personality , businesswoman , fashion designer , singer , television producer , author , and actress .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
The group had over eighty songs chart worldwide , thirty-six of them US Top 40 hits  ( the most by an American rock band )  , four reaching number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Angell and his wife Lynn both died heading home from their vacation in Cape Cod aboard American Airlines Flight 11 .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
He set up practice in Atlanta , Georgia , but he was soon diagnosed with tuberculosis , the same disease that had claimed his mother when he was 15 , having acquired it while tending to her needs while she was still in the contagious phase of the illness .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
She has four children with Kardashian  ( Kourtney , Kim , Khloé and Robert )  and two with Jenner  ( Kendall and Kylie )  .
A mixtape  ( also mix-tape or mix tape )  is a home-made compilation of music  ( typically copyrighted songs taken from other sources )  recorded in a specific order , traditionally onto a cassette tape , though later replaced by CD or MP3 playlist formats .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking , maintaining a healthy weight , not drinking too much alcohol , eating plenty of vegetables , fruits and whole grains , vaccination against certain infectious diseases , not eating too much processed and red meat , and avoiding too much sunlight exposure .
He is also known for his `` Bootleg Universe '' fanfilms which includes The Punisher : Dirty Laundry , and Power/Rangers .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
It was released on December 27 , 2005 , by J Records .
Yardie was the first novel by Jamaican-born British writer Victor Headley , published in London in 1992 by Dotun Adebayo 's X Press .
Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero black comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita , Jr. .
Having appeared in the children 's television series Barney & Friends while growing up , she rose to fame playing the role of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place  ( 2007 -- 2012 )  .
Margaret Constance `` Maisie '' Williams  ( born 15 April 1997 )  is an English actress .
Lyme disease is transmitted to humans by the bite of infected ticks of the Ixodes genus .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
After suppressing a minor rebellion in Wales in 1276 -- 77 , Edward responded to a second rebellion in 1282 -- 83 with a full-scale war of conquest .
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe  ( born 23 July 1989 )  is an English actor best known for his role as Harry Potter in the film series of the same name .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area .
It won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects and Best Feature Film , becoming the first Telugu film to win the award .
He graduated from Danish National School of Theatre in Copenhagen in 1993 .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
Following the Age of Discovery , Christianity spread to the Americas , Australasia , sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world through missionary work and colonization .
Dame Margaret Natalie Smith ,  ( born 28 December 1934 )  , known as Maggie Smith , is an English actress .
The 2008 Olympics was his international debut over 100 m ; he had earlier won numerous 200 m medals  ( including 2007 World Championship silver )  and holds the world under-20 and world under-18 records for the event .
In 2015 , Tokyo was ranked as the 11th most expensive city for expatriates , according to the Mercer consulting firm , and also the world 's 11th most expensive city , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit 's cost-of-living survey .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
From 1999 to 2002 , Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans on the television series Roswell .
Johnny Mnemonic is a 1995 Canadian-American cyberpunk action thriller film directed by Robert Longo in his directorial debut .
Matthew Avery Modine  ( born March 22 , 1959 )  is an American film actor who rose to prominence through his role as United States Marine Corps Private Joker in Stanley Kubrick 's `` Full Metal Jacket '' .
Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Thomas Cruise Mapother IV  ( born July 3 , 1962 )  , known professionally as Tom Cruise , is an American actor and producer .
He is known for playing Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
Her film appearances include The Fortune  ( 1975 )  , The Big Bus  ( 1976 )  , The Cheap Detective  ( 1978 )  , Heartburn  ( 1986 )  , Up Close & Personal  ( 1996 )  , Practical Magic  ( 1998 )  , and Woody Allen 's Anything Else  ( 2003 )  .
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British musical adventure fantasy film directed by Ken Hughes and written by Roald Dahl and Hughes , loosely based on Ian Fleming 's 1964 novel Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang : The Magical Car .
Albanians  ( Shqiptarët )  are an ethnic group , native to Albania , Kosovo and neighboring countries .
His other film roles include Francisco Scaramanga in the James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun  ( 1974 )  , Saruman in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy  ( 2001 -- 2003 )  and The Hobbit film trilogy  ( 2012 -- 2014 )  , and Count Dooku in the second and third films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 2002 and 2005 )  .
It stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston , Samuel L. Jackson , John Goodman , Brie Larson , Jing Tian , Toby Kebbell , John Ortiz , Corey Hawkins , Jason Mitchell , Shea Whigham , Thomas Mann , Terry Notary and John C. Reilly .
Eugenio Canfari  ( 16 April 1877 -- 23 March 1962 )  was an early Italian football player from Genoa who played as a defender .
A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy drama film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness , based on his novel of the same name .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
Praised by critics at the time of its release , All About Eve received 14 Academy Awards nominations  ( a feat only matched by the 1997 film Titanic and the 2016 film La La Land )  and won six , including Best Picture .
The Bulls would win the series , 4-1 .
He began his career in college as a joke writer , stand up comedian , and playwright and , while still in college , was a staff writer for Laverne & Shirley -- making him  ( at the time )  the youngest member of the Writers Guild of America .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as `` proto-punk '' music , punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock .
It includes the major cities of Boston , Providence , Hartford , New York City , Philadelphia , Baltimore , and Washington , D.C. , along with their metropolitan areas and suburbs as well as many smaller urban centers .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
Telling the story of four women who start a ghost-catching business in New York City , it is the third feature film in the Ghostbusters franchise and serves as a reboot to the previous films .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
The album was also successful outside of Swift 's native country , especially in Canada , Australia , and the United Kingdom .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The country joined the European Union in 2004 and the Eurozone on 1 January 2009 .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
The song won an Academy Award , a Grammy Award , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song , as well as the Brit Award for British Single of the Year .
It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
The focal point of the show follows talented college dropout Mike Ross  ( Patrick J. Adams )  , who initially works as a law associate for Harvey Specter  ( Gabriel Macht )  , despite never actually attending law school .
The film stars Farrah Fawcett , Charles Grodin , Art Carney , Joan Collins , William Daniels and John Hillerman .
Lena Headey , Emilia Clarke , Kit Harington , Maisie Williams , Diana Rigg , and Max von Sydow have also received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for their performances in the series .
Her career began at the age of 3 with several television commercial appearances .
Doctor Victor Von Doom  ( or simply Doctor Doom )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Nikita is an American television series that aired on The CW from September 9 , 2010 to December 27 , 2013 in the United States .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
He began his career as a child and starred in the PBS educational series The Voyage of the Mimi  ( 1984 , 1988 )  .
It was first published on August 1 , 1996 .
Buckingham Palace  (  [ ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs ]  )  is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 American -- Australian science fiction action film written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers .
Simpson attended the University of Southern California  ( USC )  , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 .
In the north , it is connected to the Marmara Sea and Black Sea by the Dardanelles and Bosphorus .
Mahendra Singh Dhoni  ( ; commonly known as MS Dhoni ; born 7 July 1981 )  is an Indian cricketer who captained the Indian team in limited-overs formats from 2007 to 2016 and in Test cricket from 2008 to 2014 .
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
In recent years , he has contributed to The Players ' Tribune as both a photographer and writer .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
Jeffrey Allen Ament  ( born March 10 , 1963 )  is an American musician and songwriter who serves as the bassist for the American rock band Pearl Jam .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
Dickinson 's poems are unique for the era in which she wrote ; they contain short lines , typically lack titles , and often use slant rhyme as well as unconventional capitalization and punctuation .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
Hotell is a 2013 Swedish drama film written and directed by Lisa Langseth .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup .
The show was filmed primarily in Ireland , Northern Ireland , Croatia , Iceland and Morocco .
Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods  ( born December 30 , 1975 )  is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time .
When she was 16 , Kelly auditioned for the singing competition television series American Idol .
Cersei Lannister is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones , where she is portrayed by Lena Headey .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
Christoph Waltz  (  [ ˈkrɪstɔf ˈvalts ]  ; born 4 October 1956 )  is an Austrian-German actor .
She has won two Academy Awards for Best Actress and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2007 .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
John Wayne Gacy Jr.  ( March 17 , 1942 -- May 10 , 1994 )  was an American serial killer and rapist .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Alandi  ( Marathi : आळंदी )  is a town and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
She was one of the founding members of the popular Motown vocal female group the Supremes .
In response to the invasion , Carter ended détente , escalated the Cold War , and led the international boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
   NOTOC   
Avenged Sevenfold  ( sometimes abbreviated as A7X )  is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1999 .
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
As of 20 February 2017 , Craig is the second longest serving James Bond , surpassed only by Roger Moore .
Founded by Canadian and US ex-pat environmental activists in 1971 , Greenpeace states its goal is to `` ensure the ability of the Earth to nurture life in all its diversity '' and focuses its campaigning on worldwide issues such as climate change , deforestation , overfishing , commercial whaling , genetic engineering , and anti-nuclear issues .
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River , just north of the river 's confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Saint Paul , the state 's capital .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
The series premiered on HBO on June 5 , 2005 and aired for a single , 13-episode season before being canceled .
Daniel Robert `` Danny '' Elfman  ( born May 29 , 1953 )  is an American composer , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
The holiday , which is currently observed every year on the last Monday of May , was held on May 30 from 1868-1971 .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
It is the sequel to the 2014 film Divergent and the second installment in The Divergent Series , produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback .
He later went back to his birth name , Joaquín , and received positive reviews for his supporting work in a wide range of films , most notably in the film adaptation of the novel To Die For  ( 1995 )  and the period film Quills  ( 2000 )  .
The awards , first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , are overseen by AMPAS .
Heinrich Luitpold Himmler  (  [ ˈhaɪnʁɪç ˈluˑɪtˌpɔlt ˈhɪmlɐ ]  ; 7 October 1900 -- 23 May 1945 )  was Reichsführer of the Schutzstaffel  ( Protection Squadron ; SS )  , and a leading member of the Nazi Party  ( NSDAP )  of Germany .
It was released in theaters on August 1 , 2014 in the United States in the 3D and IMAX 3D formats .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
The dog was the first domesticated species and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors , sensory capabilities , and physical attributes .
He has been host of The Marc Maron Show and co-host of both Morning Sedition and Breakroom Live , all politically oriented shows produced by Air America Media .
The most common symptoms are coughing  ( including coughing up blood )  , weight loss , shortness of breath , and chest pains .
He started his career at age 19 in the film Endless Love  ( 1981 )  .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Born in McComb , Mississippi , and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997 .
In line with this and most other definitions the examples of microstates include : Liechtenstein , Monaco , San Marino , Andorra , the Cook Islands , Niue and the Federated States of Micronesia .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
Raggedy Ann is a character created by American writer Johnny Gruelle  ( 1880 -- 1938 )  in a series of books he wrote and illustrated for young children .
She is known for her roles in low-budget arthouse and independent films to large-scale Hollywood productions .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his sophomore album My Way  ( 1997 )  , which spawned his first U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number-one single , `` Nice & Slow '' , amongst top-two singles `` You Make Me Wan na ... '' and `` My Way '' .
He is widely regarded as one of the most significant and celebrated sports figures of the 20th century .
`` Give Me Everything '' is a song written and performed by American rapper Pitbull , American R&B singer Ne-Yo , and Dutch DJ Afrojack , featuring additional vocals from American singer Nayer .
The film was released in the United States on October 2 , 2009 .
Legally a French-speaking city , 60.5 % of Montrealers speak French at home , 21.2 % speak English and 19.8 % speak neither .
Michael `` Mike '' Sean McCary  ( born December 16 , 1971 )  is an American singer , best known as the former bass singer of the R&B group Boyz II Men .
Jacinda Barrett  ( born August 2 , 1972 )  , an Australian-American actress and former model , first became known to audiences as a cast member on The Real World : London  ( 1995 )  before appearing in films such as The Human Stain  ( 2003 )  , Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason  ( 2004 )  , Ladder 49  ( 2004 )  , The Namesake  ( 2006 )  , Poseidon  ( 2006 )  , and The Last Kiss  ( 2006 )  .
James Earl Carter Jr.  ( born October 1 , 1924 )  is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
Black Panther is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .
Family Guy is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was The Case , starring himself .
He has performed in leading roles in a variety of films , ranging from romantic comedies and dramas to science fiction and action films .
It also became the co-capital of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , a great power that dissolved in 1918 , following World War I. Budapest was the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , the Hungarian Republic of Councils in 1919 , the Battle of Budapest in 1945 , and the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 .
Disinvestment  ( or divestment )  from South Africa was first advocated in the 1960s , in protest of South Africa 's system of apartheid , but was not implemented on a significant scale until the mid-1980s .
The Star Trek films have received 15 Academy Award nominations .
Bieber has won numerous awards , including the American Music Award for Artist of the Year in 2010 and 2012 .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Christian Charles Philip Bale  ( born 30 January 1974 )  is an English actor .
The film stars Tina Fey , Margot Robbie , Martin Freeman , Christopher Abbott , Alfred Molina , and Billy Bob Thornton .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
In early 1776 , he raised a provincial artillery company , to which he was appointed captain .
Paul Samuel Feig  (  [ ˈfiːɡ ]  born September 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Joseph Michael Manganiello  (  [ ˌmæŋɡəˈnɛloʊ ]  ;  [ maŋɡaˈnjɛllo ]  ; born December 28 , 1976 )  is an American actor , director , producer , author and philanthropist .
Among Japan 's largest and most famous studios , Sunrise is renowned for several critically lauded and popular original anime series , such as Gundam , Cowboy Bebop , Space Runaway Ideon , Armored Trooper Votoms , Yoroiden Samurai Troopers , Future GPX Cyber Formula , Crush Gear Turbo , The Vision of Escaflowne , Love Live School Idol Project , Witch Hunter Robin , My-HiME , My-Otome , Code Geass : Lelouch of the Rebellion , Tiger & Bunny , Cross Ange : Rondo of Angel and Dragon , as well as its numerous adaptations of acclaimed light novels including Dirty Pair , Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere and Accel World , and manga such as City Hunter , InuYasha , Outlaw Star , Yakitate !!
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Pacific Rim is a 2013 American science fiction monster film directed by Guillermo del Toro , and starring Charlie Hunnam , Idris Elba , Rinko Kikuchi , Charlie Day , Burn Gorman , Robert Kazinsky , Max Martini and Ron Perlman .
He is currently Togo 's all-time top goalscorer with 31 goals .
Cleopatra is a 1963 American epic historical drama film chronicling the struggles of Cleopatra VII , the young Queen of Egypt , to resist the imperial ambitions of Rome .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
In 1994 Snoop released a soundtrack on Death Row Records for the short film Murder Was The Case , starring himself .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
Principal photography began on November 17 , 2015 in Vancouver .
Winnipeg  (  [ ˈwɪnɪpɛɡ ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada .
The success of Android has made it a target for patent and copyright litigation as part of the so-called `` smartphone wars '' between technology companies .
David Judah Simon  ( born February 9 , 1960 )  is an American author , journalist , writer , and producer .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Throughout her career , she has sold 100 million records worldwide , becoming one of the best-selling music artists in the music history .
Marvel 's The Avengers  ( classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland )  , or simply The Avengers , is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
Madhavan soon developed an image as a romantic hero with notable roles in two of 2001 's highest grossing Tamil films , Gautham Menon 's directorial debut Minnale and Madras Talkies ' Dumm Dumm Dumm .
Earl Warren  ( March 19 , 1891 -- July 9 , 1974 )  was an American jurist and politician , who served as the 30th Governor of California  ( 1943 -- 1953 )  and later the 14th Chief Justice of the United States  ( 1953 -- 1969 )  .
Curly Top  ( 1935 )  is an American musical film directed by Irving Cummings .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
ogaˌmʌntriːˈɒl ]  )  , officially Montréal  (  [ mɔ̃ʁeal ]  )  , is the most populous municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec and the 2nd-most populous in Canada , after Toronto .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
Pink Floyd were an English rock band formed in London .
Mantle played his entire Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  career with the New York Yankees as a center fielder and first baseman , from 1951 through 1968 .
The film co-stars Forest Whitaker , Kimberly Elise , Nate Parker , Gina Ravera , Jermaine Williams and Jurnee Smollett .
He entered the NBA directly from high school and won five NBA championships with the Lakers .
Canada  (  [ ˈkænədə ]   [ kanadɑ ]  )  is a country in the northern part of North America .
Allure is an American women 's beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City .
The Hobbit , or There and Back Again is a children 's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
White has appeared in several films including Beautiful Ohio , The Speed of Life , Afterschool and Twelve , currently filming `` Shotgun ''
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
Cambodia  (  [ kæmˈboʊdiə ]  កម ព ជ , or Kampuchea  [ kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia  ( ព រ រ ជ ណ ចក រកម ព ជ , Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa ,  [ ˈprĕəh riəciənaːˈcɑk kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia .
Shortly after the third season of Family Guy had aired in 2002 , Fox canceled the series , with one episode left unaired .
At up to 29.9 m in length and with a maximum recorded weight of 173 tonne and probably reaching over 181 tonnes  ( 200 short tons )  , it is the largest animal known to have ever existed .
If the drama school is part of a degree-granting institution , undergraduates typically take a Bachelor of Arts , Bachelor of Fine Arts , or , occasionally , Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Design .
The album was released on 28 April 2017 via Parlophone and Warner Bros. .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade , her films grossed $ 200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962 .
Barbados  (  [ bɑrˈbeɪdɒs ]  or  [ bɑrˈbeɪdoʊs ]  )  is a sovereign island country in the Lesser Antilles , in the Caribbean region of North America .
Her solo albums and singles are all credited to the single name Wynonna .
Earlier in his career , Pertwee had worked as a vaudeville comedian , performed at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and shared a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James .
Shatner also played the eponymous veteran police sergeant in T. J. Hooker  ( 1982 -- 86 )  and hosted the reality-based television series , Rescue 911  ( 1989 -- 96 )  , which won a People 's Choice Award for the Favorite New TV Dramatic Series .
He attended the Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford , Surrey , as an undergraduate from the age of 18 in autumn 2009 .
He was elected Labour Party leader in July 1994 , following the sudden death of his predecessor , John Smith , who together with his predecessor , Neil Kinnock , had started to move the party closer to the political centre , in the hope of winning power .
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan .
He made his breakthrough in the 1960s with starring roles in a number of acclaimed British films , including Zulu  ( 1964 )  , The Ipcress File  ( 1965 )  , Alfie  ( 1966 )  , for which he was nominated for an Academy Award , The Italian Job  ( 1969 )  , and Battle of Britain  ( 1969 )  .
Her other film roles included Shampoo  ( 1975 )  , The Blues Brothers  ( 1980 )  , Hannah and Her Sisters  ( 1986 )  , The ` Burbs  ( 1989 )  , and When Harry Met Sally ...  ( 1989 )  .
At nineteen he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
The flag is named after American general and politician Christopher Gadsden  ( 1724 -- 1805 )  , who designed it in 1775 during the American Revolution .
`` Everybody Needs a Best Friend '' is a song from the 2012 feature film Ted , with music composed by Walter Murphy and lyrics by Seth MacFarlane .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
As a singles wrestler , Hardy is a six-time world champion , having held the TNA World Heavyweight Championship three times , the WWE Championship once , and WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship twice .
Today it has UNESCO World Heritage Site status and is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Italy , with approximately 2.5 million visitors every year .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University , in California .
Red Velvet  ( Hangul : 레드벨벳 )  is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment .
The Conjuring 2 is a 2016 American horror film directed by James Wan and written by Carey Hayes , Chad Hayes , Wan and David Leslie Johnson .
The Walt Disney Company , commonly known as Disney , is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
The film stars Shaquille O'Neal as John Henry Irons and his alter-ego Steel , Annabeth Gish as his wheelchair-using partner Susan Sparks , and Judd Nelson as their rival Nathaniel Burke .
Because he had originally agreed not to run for a second term in Congress , and because his opposition to the Mexican -- American War was unpopular among Illinois voters , Lincoln returned to Springfield and resumed his successful law practice .
He is known as `` the founder of modern neurology '' , and his name has been associated with at least 15 medical eponyms , including Charcot -- Marie -- Tooth disease and Charcot disease  ( better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , motor neurone disease , or Lou Gehrig disease )  .
She has since starred in Poseidon  ( 2006 )  , Dragonball : Evolution  ( 2009 )  , Dare  ( 2009 )  , Beautiful Creatures  ( 2013 )  , Before I Disappear  ( 2014 )  , You 're Not You  ( 2014 )  and Comet  ( 2014 )  .
Sherlock is a crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes detective stories .
She is signed to EP Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings and released her debut single , `` Here '' , from the debut studio album , Know-It-All , released November 13 , 2015 .
It is directed by Curtis Hanson with an adapted screenplay by Susannah Grant and stars Cameron Diaz , Toni Collette , and Shirley MacLaine .
A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004 .
Smith 's first television role came in 2006 as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of Philip Pullman 's The Ruby in the Smoke and The Shadow in the North , while his first major role in television came as Danny in the 2007 BBC series Party Animals .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
She is the daughter of the president and his first wife , former model Ivana Trump .
The war drew in all the world 's economic great powers , assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies  ( based on the Triple Entente of the Russian Empire , the French Third Republic , and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland )  versus the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary .
Her most notable role is that of Dr. Camille Saroyan , head of the Forensic Division , in the forensic crime drama Bones .
Generation X is a relatively smaller demographic cohort sandwiched between two larger demographic cohorts , the baby boomers and the millennials .
Taylor Swift is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift , released on October 24 , 2006 , by Big Machine Records .
Klute is a 1971 American neo-noir crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula , written by Andy and Dave Lewis , and starring Jane Fonda , Donald Sutherland , Charles Cioffi , and Roy Scheider .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Loni Love  ( born July 12 , 1970 or 1971 )  is an American comedian and actress .
He released his eponymous debut album in 2004 to little success , though it did catch the attention of Columbia Records .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama and mystery series created by Marc Cherry , and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions .
Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States .
Bachchan has won numerous accolades in his career , including four National Film Awards as Best Actor and many awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies .
Hamilton attended King 's College  ( now Columbia University )  , choosing to stay in the Thirteen Colonies to seek his fortune .
A hate group is a social group that advocates and practices hatred , hostility , or violence towards members of a race , ethnicity , nation , religion , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation or any other designated sector of society .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
The tomb is the centrepiece of a 42 acre complex , which includes a mosque and a guest house , and is set in formal gardens bounded on three sides by a crenellated wall .
Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 .
In 2001 , Spears released her self-titled third studio album , Britney , and played the starring role in the film Crossroads  ( 2002 )  .
Fenjves has ghostwritten more than a dozen books , including two number one New York Times Best-Sellers  ( Witness and Blood Brother )  .
He subsequently played d'Artagnan in 2011 's The Three Musketeers , starred in the coming-of-age dramas The Perks of Being a Wallflower  ( 2012 )  , Indignation  ( 2016 )  and Sidney Hall  ( 2017 )  , and had major roles in the 2014 films Noah and Fury .
Haitian Creole  (  [ ˈheɪʃən ˈkriːoʊl ]   [ kreyòl ayisyen , links = no ]  ,  [ kɣejɔl ]  ; créole haïtien )  is a French-based creole language spoken by 9.6 -- 12million people worldwide , and the only language of most Haitians .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties , including ancient Numidians , Phoenicians , Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Byzantines , Umayyads , Abbasids , Idrisid , Aghlabid , Rustamid , Fatimids , Zirid , Hammadids , Almoravids , Almohads , Spaniards , Ottomans and the French colonial empire .
After touring for most of the next eight years , the band followed up with the double album Hardwired ... to Self-Destruct  ( 2016 )  , which demonstrated examples from some of the different musical styles that the band has dabbled in throughout its career .
A heroin overdose may be treated with naloxone .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman  ( 21 February 1946 -- 14 January 2016 )  was an English actor and director known for playing a variety of roles on stage and on screen .
She won the BAFTA Rising Star Award in 2010 and was awarded the Milan International Film Festival Award for Best Actress in 2011 for Welcome to the Rileys  ( 2010 )  .
Nepal hosts the permanent secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation  ( SAARC )  , of which it is a founding member .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
Thomas William Hiddleston  ( born 9 February 1981 )  is an English actor , producer and musical performer .
NSYNC  ( sometimes stylized as * NSYNC or 'N Sync )  was an American boy band formed in Orlando , Florida in 1995 and launched in Germany by BMG Ariola Munich .
Originally formed in 1964 as My Backyard in Jacksonville , Florida , the band was also known by names such as The Noble Five and One Percent , before finally deciding on `` Lynyrd Skynyrd '' in 1969 .
Stephanie Lynn `` Stevie '' Nicks  ( born May 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter who is often regarded as the Queen of Rock n ' Roll .
T-Pain is the founder of the record label imprint Nappy Boy Entertainment , established in 2005 .
The film stars Sigourney Weaver , Felicity Jones , Toby Kebbell , Lewis MacDougall , and Liam Neeson , and tells the story of Conor  ( MacDougal )  , a child whose mother  ( Jones )  is terminally ill ; one night , he is visited by a giant tree-like monster  ( Neeson )  , who states that he will come back and tell him three stories .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
Patton Peter Oswalt  ( born January 27 , 1969 )  is an American stand-up comedian , writer , actor , and voice artist , known for roles such as Spencer Olchin in the sitcom The King of Queens  ( 1998 -- 2007 )  , voicing Remy in the film Ratatouille  ( 2007 )  , and playing multiple identical brothers , the Koenigs , on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.  ( 2014 -- 17 )  .
The World Bank 's  ( the IBRD and IDA 's )  activities are focused on developing countries , in fields such as human development  ( e.g. education , health )  , agriculture and rural development  ( e.g. irrigation and rural services )  , environmental protection  ( e.g. pollution reduction , establishing and enforcing regulations )  , infrastructure  ( e.g. roads , urban regeneration , and electricity )  , large industrial construction projects , and governance  ( e.g. anti-corruption , legal institutions development )  .
In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored .
Disney was a heavy smoker throughout his life , and died of lung cancer in December 1966 before either the park or the EPCOT project were completed .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
In 1990 , he founded The Film Foundation , a nonprofit organization dedicated to film preservation , and in 2007 he founded the World Cinema Foundation .
She was born and raised in Phoenix , Arizona , as the daughter of wealthy beer distributor Jim Hensley .
Jaden Christopher Syre Smith  ( born July 8 , 1998 )  is an American actor and rapper .
A member of the Gyllenhaal family and the son of director Stephen Gyllenhaal and screenwriter Naomi Foner , Gyllenhaal began acting as a child with a screen debut in City Slickers  ( 1991 )  , followed by roles in A Dangerous Woman  ( 1993 )  and Homegrown  ( 1998 )  .
Anton Viktorovich Yelchin  ( Анто́н Ви́кторович Ельчи́н March 11 , 1989 -- June 19 , 2016 )  was an American actor .
Ad buyers use jingles in radio and television commercials ; they can also be used in non-advertising contexts to establish or maintain a brand image .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
How to Train Your Dragon is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated action-fantasy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation .
The Americans is an American television period drama series created and produced by former CIA officer Joe Weisberg .
The song was written by Gaga in ten minutes as `` a happy record '' .
Although the show received average ratings throughout its run , and never won any major television awards , it has since come to be regarded by many critics as one of the greatest television series of all time .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
The population was 115,942 at the 2010 census .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Serie A club Milan and the Japan national football team .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
Adam Patrick DeVine  ( born November 7 , 1983 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , screenwriter and producer .
Niall James Horan  ( born 13 September 1993 )  is an Irish singer and songwriter , best known as a member of the boy band One Direction .
It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx .
Austria  ( listen )  , is a federal republic and a landlocked country of over 8.7 million people in Central Europe .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final novel of the Harry Potter series , written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Avengers : Age of Ultron premiered in Los Angeles on April 13 , 2015 , and was released on May 1 , 2015 , in North America , in 3D and IMAX 3D .
Robert Rihmeek Williams  ( born May 6 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Meek Mill , is an American hip hop recording artist .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
It has the densest atmosphere of the four terrestrial planets , consisting of more than 96 % carbon dioxide .
The miniseries was written by Richard Price and Steven Zaillian and directed by Zaillian and James Marsh .
He has starred both in blockbuster films and smaller projects from independent producers and art houses .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
His breakout role came in 1985 , joining the television sitcom Cheers as bartender Woody Boyd , for which he earned five Emmy Award nominations  ( one win )  .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Among Olivier 's films are Wuthering Heights  ( 1939 )  , Rebecca  ( 1940 )  , and a trilogy of Shakespeare films as actor-director : Henry V  ( 1944 )  , Hamlet  ( 1948 )  , and Richard III  ( 1955 )  .
The group consists of members Ally Brooke , Normani Kordei , Dinah Jane , Lauren Jauregui and previously , Camila Cabello , whose departure was announced on December 18 , 2016 .
His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards , PGA Awards , Golden Globe Awards , and Academy Awards .
The House at Pooh Corner  ( 1928 )  is the second volume of stories about Winnie-the-Pooh , written by A. A. Milne and illustrated by E. H. Shepard .
Director Peter Weir cast him as one of the leads in the critically acclaimed World War I drama Gallipoli  ( 1981 )  , which earned Gibson a Best Actor Award from the Australian Film Institute .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Stephen Robert Irwin  ( 22 February 1962 -- 4 September 2006 )  , nicknamed `` The Crocodile Hunter '' , was an Australian nature expert and television personality .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
The film concerns a virtuoso television news producer  ( Holly Hunter )  , who has daily emotional breakdowns , a brilliant yet prickly reporter  ( Albert Brooks )  and his charismatic but far less seasoned rival  ( William Hurt )  .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Wood began acting in movies at the age of four and , at age eight , was given a co-starring role with Maureen O'Hara in the classic Christmas film Miracle on 34th Street .
2001 : A Space Odyssey is a 1968 epic science-fiction film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick .
James D. `` Jim '' Grant  ( born 29 October 1954 )  , better known by his pen name Lee Child , is a British author who writes thriller novels .
Naproxen  ( brand names : Aleve , Naprosyn , and many others )  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug  ( NSAID )  of the propionic acid class  ( the same class as ibuprofen )  that relieves pain , fever , swelling , and stiffness .
The Right Stuff is a 1983 American epic historical drama film that was adapted from Tom Wolfe 's best-selling 1979 book of the same name about the Navy , Marine and Air Force test pilots who were involved in aeronautical research at Edwards Air Force Base , California , as well as the seven military pilots who were selected to be the astronauts for Project Mercury , the first manned spaceflight by the United States .
Blink-182 is considered a key group in the development of pop punk ; the band 's combination of pop melodies with fast-paced punk rock featured a more radio-friendly accessibility than prior bands .
Jenna Dewan Tatum  (  [ də ` wɑːn   ` teɪtəm ]  born Jenna Lee Dewan ; December 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and dancer .
Italian is an official language in Italy , Switzerland , San Marino , Vatican City and western Istria  ( in Slovenia and Croatia )  .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
David Judah Simon  ( born February 9 , 1960 )  is an American author , journalist , writer , and producer .
He graduated fourth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1918 and was commissioned into the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
It is bordered by Haryana on three sides and by Uttar Pradesh to the east .
The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City , formed in 1981 .
Edgar Allan Poe  (  [ poʊ ]  born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 -- October 7 , 1849 )  was an American writer , editor , and literary critic .
She has appeared in films , such as Rain Man , Beethoven , Beethoven 's 2nd , Jumanji , Jerry Maguire , The Green Mile , Cheaper by the Dozen and Cheaper by the Dozen 2 .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
It was produced by Amblin Entertainment and Malpaso Productions , and distributed by Warner Bros. .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
 ( 1997 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , Wreck-It Ralph  ( 2012 )  , and A Million Ways to Die in the West  ( 2014 )  .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
In 1984 she made her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas , and subsequently appeared in the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day .
The film received the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature , along with two Academy Awards .
The Portuguese Empire  ( Império Português )  , also known as the Portuguese Overseas  ( Ultramar Português )  , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance .
Barry Alan Crompton Gibb ,  ( born 1 September 1946 )  is a British singer , songwriter and record producer who rose to worldwide fame as a co-founder of the group Bee Gees , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed groups in the history of popular music .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
The film stars Michael Fassbender , Katherine Waterston , Billy Crudup , Danny McBride , Carmen Ejogo and Demián Bichir , and follows the crew of a ship who land on an uncharted planet and make a terrifying discovery .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Films he has directed include Walk the Line , which he also co-wrote ; The Wolverine ; Logan ; Cop Land ; Girl , Interrupted ; Knight and Day ; and the 2007 remake 3:10 to Yuma .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
In 2008 , he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35 .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Thomas grew up in Savannah , Georgia , and was educated at the College of the Holy Cross and at Yale Law School .
Along with his teacher , Socrates , and his most famous student , Aristotle , Plato laid the very foundations of Western philosophy and science .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
Larry Philip Buttrose  ( born 16 December 1952 )  is an Australian writer , journalist and academic .
Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia , making it the world 's most populated inland city .
In March 2016 , Sharapova revealed she had failed a drug test at the 2016 Australian Open on January 26 , 2016 .
Animal Farm is an allegorical novella by George Orwell , first published in England on 17 August 1945 .
The New Testament is a collection of writings by early Christians , believed to be mostly Jewish disciples of Christ , written in first-century Koine Greek .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
William Shatner  ( born March 22 , 1931 )  is a Canadian actor , author , producer , and director .
The series was renewed for a third season on October 12 , 2014 , and a fourth season on July 31 , 2015 , both before the respective previous seasons had premiered .
It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
Ad buyers use jingles in radio and television commercials ; they can also be used in non-advertising contexts to establish or maintain a brand image .
Set in a near-future New England , in a totalitarian theocracy that has overthrown the United States government , the novel explores themes of women in subjugation and the various means by which they gain individualism and independence .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
He is best known for his role as the Eleventh Doctor in the BBC science fiction series Doctor Who , for which he received a BAFTA Award nomination in 2011 .
Widely considered to be one of the greatest boxers of all time , undefeated as a professional , and a five-division world champion , Mayweather won fifteen world titles and the lineal championship in four different weight classes  ( twice at welterweight )  .
After receiving the Artist of the Year award from the 2008 Mnet Korean Music Festival , the group expanded their endeavors to Japan , releasing both their second Korean studio-album , Remember , and their first Japanese album , Number 1 , in the same year , and consequently winning three awards at the 9th MTV Video Music Awards Japan .
Nickelodeon  ( often shortened to and known in the United States as Nick )  is an American basic cable and satellite television network launched on December 1 , 1977 , and is owned by Viacom through Viacom Media Networks and based in New York City .
She was the female vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas from 2002 until 2017 , with whom she had achieved chart success worldwide .
Starr played key roles in the Beatles ' films and appeared in numerous others .
Griffith 's subsequent performance in Something Wild  ( 1986 )  garnered critical acclaim before she was cast in 1988 's Working Girl , which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won her a Golden Globe .
Distributed by Summit Entertainment and Lionsgate Films , the series consists of four science fiction films set in a dystopian society .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
By 1933 , the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag , which led to Hitler 's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933 .
Varun Dhawan  ( born 24 April 1987 )  is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Pablo F. Fenjves  ( born 16 August 1953 )  is an American screenwriter and ghostwriter based in Los Angeles , California .
Nicknamed `` The Greatest '' , he was involved in several historic boxing matches .
Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
The Ozarks , also referred to as the Ozark Mountains , Ozarks Mountain Country , and the Ozark Plateau , is a physiographic and geologic highland region of the central United States , primarily in Arkansas , Missouri , and Oklahoma .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
The brown bear  ( Ursus arctos )  is a large bear with the widest distribution of any living ursid .
The duo released their debut studio album Homework through Virgin Records in 1997 to highly positive reviews .
John Stewart , known as Green Lantern , is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics and was the first African-American superhero to appear in DC Comics .
Outside of music , he has had roles in the Saw films , The Sixth Sense , Dreamcatcher , and Righteous Kill , also appearing in the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers as First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton .
His roles as a voice actor include Rex in Babe , Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two , and Megatron in the Transformers film series .
Top of the Lake is a mystery drama television series created and written by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee , and directed by Campion and Garth Davis .
It is the only Manhattan neighborhood on the mainland of North America .
He began acting in the 1970s , playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and a starring role in Days of Heaven .
He has since played both leading and supporting roles in films such as the horror comedy fantasy film Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , as Jack Ryan in the action thriller The Hunt for Red October  ( 1990 )  , the romantic comedy The Marrying Man  ( 1991 )  , the superhero film The Shadow  ( 1994 )  , and two films directed by Martin Scorsese : the Howard Hughes biopic The Aviator  ( 2004 )  and the neo-noir crime drama The Departed  ( 2006 )  .
His other notable film roles include the romantic comedy Love Actually  ( 2003 )  , the comic science fiction film The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy  ( 2005 )  , the semi-improvised comedy Nativity !
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Tezaab  ( translation : Acid )  , released on 11 November 1988 , is an Indian action romantic Hindi movie starring Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
She married Thomas Quiney , a vintner of Stratford-upon-Avon .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
Kazakhstan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage .
The United Kingdom consists of four countries -- England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Taraji Penda Henson  (  [ tə ` rɑːdʒi ]  ; born September 11 , 1970 )  is an American actress and author .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
Bob Dylan  (  [ ˈdɪlən ]  born Robert Allen Zimmerman ; May 24 , 1941 )  is an American poetic songwriter , singer , painter , writer , and Nobel prize laureate .
The Fall is the fourth studio album from British virtual band Gorillaz .
Caryn Mandabach is an American television producer .
Several companies have developed various types of merchandising based on the series leading to a large media franchise that includes films , both animated and live-action , collectible trading card games , numerous action figures , along with several collections of soundtracks and a large number of video games .
She also appeared in the 2013 Robert Redford film The Company You Keep and modelled for Guess Kids clothing .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
Premiering on November 6 , 2001 , the show spanned 192 episodes over eight seasons ; the series finale broadcast on May 24 , 2010 .
Mickey Charles Mantle  ( October 20 , 1931 -- August 13 , 1995 )  , nicknamed The Commerce Comet and The Mick , was an American professional baseball player .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
He first reached the number one position in the world rankings in June 1997 , after less than a year as a professional .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
The World Bank Group  ( WBG )  is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries .
Andrew Patrick Wood  ( January 8 , 1966 -- March 19 , 1990 )  was an American musician best known as the lead singer for alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone .
Enemy is a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve , produced by M.S. Faura and Niv Fichman and written by Javier Gullón , loosely adapted from José Saramago 's 2002 novel The Double .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Harald married Sonja Haraldsen in 1968 , with their relationship initially being controversial due to her status as a commoner .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
Popstar : Never Stop Never Stopping is a 2016 American mockumentary film directed by Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone and written , produced by and starring Andy Samberg , Schaffer and Taccone .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Eurojust  ( also spelled capitalised as EUROJUST )  is an agency of the European Union  ( EU )  dealing with judicial co-operation in criminal matters .
Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus-strewn landscape .
Despite its prevalence in the environment , no known form of life uses aluminium salts metabolically , but aluminium is well tolerated by plants and animals .
Evil , in a general context is the absence or opposite of that which is described as being good .
The disinvestment campaign , after being realized in federal legislation enacted in 1986 by the United States , is credited by some as pressuring the South African Government to embark on negotiations ultimately leading to the dismantling of the Apartheid system .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The studio hired James Vanderbilt to write the screenplay and Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci to rewrite it .
It involved the vast majority of the world 's countries -- including all of the great powers -- eventually forming two opposing military alliances : the Allies and the Axis .
Jonas released his third studio album , Last Year Was Complicated  ( 2016 )  , through the label .
The album was supported by five singles : `` Hotline Bling ''  ( which was included as a bonus track )  , `` One Dance '' featuring Wizkid and Kyla , `` Pop Style '' featuring The Throne  ( Jay Z and Kanye West )  , `` Controlla '' and `` Too Good '' featuring Rihanna .
The European dragon , derived from European folk traditions and ultimately related to Balkans and Western Asian mythologies .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
Countess Rose Elizabeth Fitzgerald Kennedy  ( July 22 , 1890 -- January 22 , 1995 )  was an American philanthropist , centenarian and socialite .
Céline Marie Claudette Dion ,  (  [ ˈdiːɒn ]   [ seˈlɪn dziˈjɔ̃ ]  ; born 30 March 1968 )  is a Canadian singer and businesswoman .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
During his reign , Justinian sought to revive the empire 's greatness and reconquer the lost western half of the historical Roman Empire .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
Katherine Marie Heigl  (  [ ˈhaɪɡəl ]  born November 24 , 1978 )  is an American actress , film producer and former fashion model .
They are identified by their use of Germanic languages , which diversified out of Proto-Germanic during the Pre-Roman Iron Age .
The following year , she starred as Letty in the blockbuster film The Fast and the Furious  ( 2001 )  , a role she has reprised in four additional films in the Fast and Furious franchise to date .
In 1987 , she began modeling at the age of 12 when Herb Ritts photographed her for the cover of the Italian magazine Lei .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
Lee Majors  ( born Harvey Lee Yeary ; April 23 , 1939 )  is an American film , television and voice actor .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Like other Kuiper belt objects , Pluto is primarily made of ice and rock and is relatively small -- about one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third its volume .
Writers and critics have described their music as alternative rock , Britpop , trip hop , hip hop , electronica , indie , dub , reggae and pop .
Along with the separate and much longer Inner German border  ( IGB )  , which demarcated the border between East and West Germany , it came to symbolize a physical marker of the `` Iron Curtain '' that separated Western Europe and the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War .
Dead Man Down is an 2013 American neo-noir crime thriller film written by J.H. Wyman and directed by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Chris Carter  ( born October 13 , 1956 )  is an American television and film producer , director and writer .
In 1968 , he ran for the presidency again and was elected by defeating incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
Paris , also known as Alexander  ( Ἀλέξανδρος , Aléxandros )  , the son of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy , appears in a number of Greek legends .
Common cosmetics include lipstick , mascara , eye shadow , foundation , rouge , skin cleansers and skin lotions , shampoo , hairstyling products  ( gel , hair spray , etc. )  , perfume and cologne .
He has appeared in many successful movies , including Brainstorm  ( 2001 )  , Carandiru  ( 2003 )  , Love Actually  ( 2003 )  , Che  ( 2008 )  , I Love You Phillip Morris  ( 2009 )  , and Rio  ( 2011 )  .
New Orleans  (  [ nuː ˈɔːrlᵻnz ,   - ˈɔːrli.ənz ,   - ɔːrˈliːnz ]  , or  [ ˈnɔːrlᵻnz ]  La Nouvelle-Orléans  [ la nuvɛlɔʁleɑ̃ ]  )  is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .
24 is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language science fiction thriller film written and directed by Vikram Kumar .
Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American comedy-drama road film and the directorial debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
Cersei Lannister is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones , where she is portrayed by Lena Headey .
Citalopram  ( brand names : Celexa , Cipramil and others )  is an antidepressant drug of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor  ( SSRI )  class .
She serves on the board of the Children 's Defense Fund  ( CDF )  and was named Global Ambassador of Avon Products in 2007 , serving as honorary chair of the charitable Avon Foundation .
The Dogs D'Amour are a rock and roll band formed in 1983 in London , England .
Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty .
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova  ( Мари́я Ю́рьевна Шара́пова ; born April 19 , 1987 )  is a Russian professional tennis player .
It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west ; China , Nepal , and Bhutan to the northeast ; and Myanmar  ( Burma )  and Bangladesh to the east .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Michael Fassbender  ( born 2 April 1977 )  is a German-born Irish actor .
Brigitte Marie-Claude Macron  (  [ bri.ʒit ma.ʁi klodə ma.kʁɔ ]  ; née Trogneux ,  [ tʁɔ.ɲø ]  , previously Auzière ,  [ o.zjɛːʁ ]  ; born 13 April 1953 )  is a high-school teacher and the wife of Emmanuel Macron , the President of the French Republic .
Xi was vice-president from 2008 to 2013 and Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission from 2010 to 2012 .
th : Jack Reacher ยอดคนสืบระห่ำ
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon  (  [ ˈriːs ˈwɪðərspuːn ]  born March 22 , 1976 )  is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur .
Oz the Great and Powerful  ( working title Brick )  is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi and produced by Joe Roth , from a screenplay written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel .
The International Boxing Research Organization  ( IBRO )  rates Foreman as the eighth greatest heavyweight of all time .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
More than 11,000 athletes from 205 National Olympic Committees , including first time entrants Kosovo , South Sudan , and the Refugee Olympic Team , took part .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Twenty One Pilots  ( stylized as TWENTY ØNE PILØTS )  is an American musical duo originating from Columbus , Ohio .
Jesus was a Galilean Jew who was baptized by John the Baptist and subsequently began his own ministry , preaching his message orally and often being referred to as `` rabbi '' .
Blink-182  ( often stylized as blink-182 ; pronounced `` blink one eighty two '' )  is an American rock band formed in Poway , California in 1992 .
Born in Frankfurt , Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , Netherlands , having moved there with her family at the age of four-and-a-half when the Nazis gained control over Germany .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger  (  [ ˈʃwɔːrtsənˌɛɡər ]   [ ˈaɐ̯nɔlt ˈalɔʏs ˈʃvaɐ̯tsn̩ˌɛɡɐ ]  ; born July 30 , 1947 )  is an Austrian-American actor , producer , businessman , investor , author , philanthropist , activist , politician and former professional bodybuilder .
Carpenter began recording the album in 2015 after releasing her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
Internally , popular agitation radicalised the Revolution significantly , culminating in the rise of Maximilien Robespierre and the Jacobins .
It debuted at number one in Australia and Canada as well , and peaked in the top ten of twenty countries worldwide .
Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski  (  [ ˌrɑːtaɪˈkɒfski ]  born June 7 , 1991 )  is an American actress and model .
There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies .
The 2014 WTA Finals was a women 's tennis tournament in Singapore from October 17 to October 26 , 2014 , and was the 44th edition of the singles event and the 39th edition of the doubles competition .
Mary Elle Fanning  ( born April 9 , 1998 )  is an American actress .
Produced by Sony Pictures Animation , the film is scheduled to be released on July 28 , 2017 , by Columbia Pictures .
It developed into a brand encompassing a range of four-wheel-drive models , including the Defender , Discovery , Freelander , Range Rover , Range Rover Sport , and Range Rover Evoque .
Thomas Jeffrey Hanks  ( born July 9 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He is a supporter of PETA , Invisible Children and the Enough Project and has traveled to Chad , Uganda and eastern Congo to raise awareness about conflicts in the regions .
Milica Bogdanovna `` Milla '' JovovichSerbian Cyrillic : Милица Јововић ; Милица Йовович Милиця Йовович  (  [ ˈjoʊvəvɪtʃ ]  ; born December 17 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model , musician , and fashion designer .
From 2010 to 2013 , she starred in the Disney Channel sitcom Shake It Up as Rocky Blue .
The screenplay was written by Jim Cash and Jack Epps , Jr. , and was inspired by an article titled `` Top Guns '' published in California magazine three years earlier .
Boomerang was released in the United States on July 1 , 1992 .
born July 27 , 1956 )  is a four-time Emmy Award-nominated American comedian , writer , producer and actress whose career as a stand-up comedian started in the 1970s when she was in college .
The University of Oxford  ( informally Oxford University or simply Oxford )  is a collegiate research university located in Oxford , England .
Tale of Tales is a 2015 European dark fantasy film , directed by Matteo Garrone , starring Salma Hayek , Vincent Cassel , Toby Jones , and John C. Reilly .
River Jude Phoenix  ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 -- October 31 , 1993 )  was an American actor , musician , and activist .
In addition to his solo commercial success , Brown has been featured on several singles such as `` No Air '' , a duet with singer Jordin Sparks , `` Shortie like Mine '' with the rapper Bow Wow and `` Shawty Get Loose '' alongside Lil Mama and T-Pain .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Several other books bearing his namethe Acts of Peter , Gospel of Peter , Preaching of Peter , Apocalypse of Peter , and Judgment of Peterare considered by Christian denominations as apocryphal , and are thus not included in their Bible canons .
He is known for playing druglord Russell `` Stringer '' Bell on the HBO series The Wire , Detective John Luther on the BBC One series Luther , and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom  ( 2013 )  .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
Plato  (  [ ˈpleɪtoʊ ]  Greek : Πλάτων Plátōn ,  [ plá.tɔːn ]  in Classical Attic ; 428/427 or 424/423 -- 348/347 BCE )  was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens , the first institution of higher learning in the Western world .
Among 30 Borrelia known species , it is one of four which are likely to infect humans causing a variant of Lyme disease .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
The film is a sequel to the 2012 film Prometheus , the second installment in the Alien prequel series , and the sixth installment overall in the Alien film series , as well as the third directed by Scott .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
Jonas began acting in theater at the age of seven , and released his debut single in 2002 .
Unable to reach a deal with Amazon , the producers officially ended the series on June 20 , 2012 .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson  [ reɪn ˈdiːtrɪk ˈwɪlsən ]   ( born January 20 , 1966 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , director , and producer .
Lahore  (  [ lə ` hɔər ]  )   (  [ ,  [ )  is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
His 1979 album Prince went platinum , and his next three records -- Dirty Mind  ( 1980 )  , Controversy  ( 1981 )  , and 1999  ( 1982 )  -- continued his success , showcasing Prince 's prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk , dance , and rock music .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Vikram 's portrayal of Veeraiya , a tribal leader inspired by the Ramayana character Ravana , in Mani Ratnam 's Raavanan saw him secure further accolades , as did his appearance as a mentally challenged adult with the maturity of a six-year-old boy in Deiva Thirumagal  ( 2011 )  .
Sir Ben Kingsley  ( born Krishna Pandit Bhanji ; 31 December 1943 )  is an English actor with a career spanning over 40 years .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
McKenna is the writer of some of Communitys most critically acclaimed episodes , including `` Paradigms of Human Memory '' , `` Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design '' , and the Emmy - and Hugo-nominated `` Remedial Chaos Theory '' .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
John Fante  ( April 8 , 1909 -- May 8 , 1983 )  was an Italian-American novelist , short story writer and screenwriter .
The Comeback is an American television comedy-drama series produced by HBO that stars actress Lisa Kudrow as sitcom actress Valerie Cherish in modern-day Los Angeles .
She received a Tony Award nomination for the 1997 musical Triumph of Love , Grammy Award nominations for The Diaries of Adam and Eve  ( 1999 )  and Stars and the Moon : Live at the Donmar  ( 2001 )  , and a Drama Desk Award nomination for the 2013 play The Old Friends .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark in the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones in 2011 , for which she won the EWwy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama , the Portal Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Television and Best Young Actor , and the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor .
It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .
Apart from this land border , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to its east , the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world .
Goat Island  ( previously called Iris Island )  is a small island in the Niagara River , located in the middle of Niagara Falls between the Bridal Veil Falls and the Horseshoe Falls .
He lived in Aspen , Colorado for much of his life and was known for his love of Colorado which he sang about numerous times .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
She played the younger version of the female lead in the 2014 film The Best of Me and starred in the 2010 films , Trust and The Last Sin Eater .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
It was once the world 's flour milling capital and a hub for timber .
After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India , where she lived for most of her life .
After the split of his first band , Feeble , Barker began playing for the Aquabats in 1996 as the Baron Von Tito .
She appeared as a regular cast member on the American political thriller television series Scandal in the role of Elizabeth North from 2014 to 2017 .
Her other films include The Host  ( 2013 )  , Pompeii  ( 2014 )  and Legend  ( 2015 )  .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier premiered in Los Angeles on March 13 , 2014 .
Maid in Manhattan is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Wayne Wang and based on a story by John Hughes , who is credited using a pseudonym .
Margot Betty Frank  ( February 16 , 1926 -- February 1945 )  was the eldest daughter of Otto Frank and Edith Frank and the older sister of Anne Frank .
Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera  (  [ bɑrˈbɛrə ]  or  [ ˈbɑrbərə ]  ;  [ barˈbɛːra ]  ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 )  was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .
George Walton Lucas Jr.  ( born May 14 , 1944 )  is an American filmmaker and entrepreneur .
From 2003 to 2007 , Romney was First Lady of Massachusetts , while her husband served as Governor .
Jessica Phyllis Lange  (  [ læŋ ]  born April 20 , 1949 )  is an American actress who has received worldwide acclaim for her work in film , theater , and television .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
The Isle of Man  (  [ ˈmæn ]  Mannin  [ ˈmanɪn ]  or Ellan Vannin  [ ˈɛlʲən ˈvanɪn ]  )  , also known simply as Mann , is a self-governing crown dependency in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
It is an amine synthesized by removing a carboxyl group from a molecule of its precursor chemical L-DOPA , which is synthesized in the brain and kidneys .
She is an Academy Award and BAFTA Award winner who is also known for her social and political activism for a variety of causes .
His sentence of eighteen years in prison was later reduced to twelve , and he served only four years before being released in 1953 .
Jun Ji-hyun  ( born Wang Ji-hyun on 30 October 1981 )  , also known as Gianna Jun , is a South Korean actress .
From 1 May 1876 , she adopted the additional title of Empress of India .
Seven Days in May is a 1964 American political thriller motion picture about a military-political cabal 's planned take-over of the United States government in reaction to the president 's negotiation of a disarmament treaty with the Soviet Union .
Guam  (  [ ˈɡwɑːm ]  or  [ ˈɡwɒm ]  Chamorro : Guåhån  [ ˈɡʷɑhɑn ]  formally the Territory of Guam )  is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States .
Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978  ( 2011 census )  .
Roger Federer  ( born 8 August 1981 )  is a Swiss professional tennis player .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Malcolm Mitchell Young  ( born 6 January 1953 )  is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Reigns is a three-time WWE World Heavyweight Champion , a one-time United States Champion , a one-time WWE Tag Team Champion  ( with Rollins )  , the 2015 Royal Rumble winner and the 2014 Superstar of the Year .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Many scholars consider his views to be more in line with social democracy and New Deal-era American progressivism than democratic socialism .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
`` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter .
Born and raised in the Southeastern United States , Turner relinquished her American citizenship after obtaining Swiss citizenship in 2013 .
Crash is a 2004 American ensemble drama film co-written , produced , and directed by Paul Haggis .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
The group consists of members Ally Brooke , Normani Kordei , Dinah Jane , Lauren Jauregui and previously , Camila Cabello , whose departure was announced on December 18 , 2016 .
Athena  (  [ əˈθiːnə ]  Attic Greek : Ἀθηνᾶ , Athēnā , or Ἀθηναία , Athēnaia ; Epic : Ἀθηναίη , Athēnaiē ; Doric : Ἀθάνα , Athānā )  or Athene  (  [ əˈθiːniː ]  Ionic : Ἀθήνη , Athēnē )  , often given the epithet Pallas  (  [ ˈpæləs ]  Παλλὰς )  , is the goddess of wisdom , craft , and war in ancient Greek religion and mythology .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
The film is a reboot of the King Kong franchise and serves as the second film in Legendary 's MonsterVerse .
She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
Howard also wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times , The New Yorker and Vanity Fair .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
They have also won an American Music Award and five iHeartRadio Music Awards .
She rose to prominence with her performance in Misery  ( 1990 )  , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress .
By the time of its destruction , 160 years later , its population was estimated at 11,000 people , and the city had a complex water system , an amphitheatre , gymnasium , and a port .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
Following the liberation of Italy and the rise of the resistance , the country abolished the monarchy , reinstated democracy , enjoyed a prolonged economic boom and , despite periods of sociopolitical turmoil  ( e.g. Anni di piombo , Mani pulite , the Second Mafia War , the Maxi Trial and subsequent assassinations of anti-mafia officials )  , became a major developed country .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth .
Humanz is the fifth studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz .
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler briefly appointed him a military commander and later Commander of the Replacement  ( Home )  Army and General Plenipotentiary for the administration of the entire Third Reich  ( Generalbevollmächtigter für die Verwaltung )  .
After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north , Maharashtra to the south , Madhya Pradesh to the east , and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
Charles Joseph John `` Joe '' Hart  ( born 19 April 1987 )  is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Torino , on loan from Premier League club Manchester City , and the England national team .
Its name is a portmanteau of the Greek words for sulfur  ( θειον `` theion '' )  and glue  ( κολλα `` kolla '' )  , an allusion to the company 's initial product , Thiokol polymer .
She starred in the comedy hit Clueless  ( 1995 )  , which earned her a multimillion-dollar deal with Columbia Pictures , and in the big-budget film Batman & Robin  ( 1997 )  , playing Batgirl .
It stars Jon Voight , Faye Dunaway , and Ricky Schroder .
The Boston Celtics  (  [ ˈsɛltɪks ]  )  are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Gujarat  (  [ , gUdZ@'raht ]   [ ˈɡudʒ ɾaːt̪ ]  )  is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million .
Havoc is a 2005 crime drama film starring Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips , with Shiri Appleby , Freddy Rodriguez , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Michael Biehn , and Laura San Giacomo appearing in supporting roles .
Long and slender , the blue whale 's body can be various shades of bluish-grey dorsally and somewhat lighter underneath .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
Later , it was remixed by Rock Mafia and released on August 25 , 2008 by Hollywood Records , as the second single from Cyrus ' second studio album , Breakout  ( 2008 )  .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
The F1 season consists of a series of races , known as Grands Prix  ( from French , meaning grand prizes )  , held worldwide on purpose-built F1 circuits and public roads .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
The Nintendo Switch is the seventh major home video game console developed by Nintendo .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real  ( 1999 -- 2000 )  , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries  ( 2001 )  , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy .
Throughout his career , Ludacris has won Screen Actors Guild , Critic 's Choice , MTV , and Grammy Awards .
He is a member of the Republican Party , and was sworn in as governor on January 5 , 2015 .
Historically the KKK used terrorism , both physical assault and murder , against groups or individuals whom they opposed .
The shock waves are abrupt , high amplitude pulses of mechanical energy , similar to soundwaves , generated by an electromagnetic coil or a spark in water .
His breakthrough film was the sword-and-sorcery epic Conan the Barbarian in 1982 , a box office hit that resulted in a sequel .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
Thomas B. Kin Chong  ( born May 24 , 1938 )  is a Canadian-American comedian and actor , who is known for his marijuana-themed Cheech & Chong comedy albums and movies with Cheech Marin , as well as playing the character Leo on Fox 's That '70s Show .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
He appeared on several TV shows such as Guiding Light , Wolf Lake , Smallville , and Everwood .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
Nepal  (  [ Nepālhelp = no ]  -RCB- -RCB-  [ neˈpal ]  )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia .
The Girl on the Train is a 2016 American mystery thriller drama film directed by Tate Taylor and written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on Paula Hawkins ' 2015 debut novel of the same name .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Originally a progressive rock band , Journey was described by AllMusic as having cemented a reputation as `` one of America 's most beloved  ( and sometimes hated )  commercial rock/pop bands '' by 1978 , when they redefined their sound by embracing pop arrangements on their fourth album , Infinity .
The Jacksons is an American variety show featuring the Jackson siblings  ( except for Jermaine , who was signed to Motown while the Jackson group was signed to the Epic/CBS record label )  .
Rodriguez also branched into television , playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
The series will launch on 5 June 2017 on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom .
He also appeared in motion pictures such as Armageddon  ( 1998 )  , The Whole Nine Yards  ( 2000 )  , The Scorpion King  ( 2002 )  , Daredevil  ( 2003 )  and Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  .
Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings .
The ensemble cast additionally includes Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom Hardy , Dileep Rao , Cillian Murphy , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
His character was a part of the team of diagnosticians who worked under Gregory House until the end of the third season when House fires him .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
Aleksandr Grigoryevich Lukashenko  ( Алякса́ндр Рыго́равіч Лукашэ́нка , Aliaksandr Ryhoravič Lukašenka , Алекса́ндр Григо́рьевич Лукаше́нко born 30 August 1954 )  is the President of Belarus , in office since 20 July 1994 .
Reeves is best known for his acting career , beginning in 1985 and spanning more than three decades .
The Lego Movie is a 2014 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
The film stars Katherine Heigl , Rosario Dawson , Geoff Stults , Isabella Rice and Cheryl Ladd , and follows a divorcée who begins to torment the new fiancé of her ex-husband .
Uzbekistan  (  [ ʊzˈbɛkᵻˌstæn ,   - ˌstɑːn ]  ,  [ ʊzˌbɛkᵻˈstɑːn ,   ʌz - ,   - ˈstæn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Uzbekistan  ( Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси Республика Узбекистан )  , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world .
Kaitlin Willow Olson  ( born August 18 , 1975 )  is an American actress and comedian .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy  ( November 20 , 1925 -- June 6 , 1968 )  , commonly known by his initials RFK , was an American politician from Massachusetts .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress four times , for Stella Dallas  ( 1937 )  , Ball of Fire  ( 1941 )  , Double Indemnity  ( 1944 )  and Sorry , Wrong Number  ( 1948 )  .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
Hawaii  (  [ langpronaudio = en-us-Hawaii .
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
fi
The municipality of Detroit had a 2015 estimated population of 677,116 , making it the 21st-most populous city in the United States .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Margaret was often viewed as a controversial member of the British royal family .
Britton starred as country singer Rayna Jaymes in the ABC/CMT musical drama series Nashville from 2012 to 2017 , for which she was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Television Series Drama in 2012 .
The series stars Fey with a supporting cast that includes Alec Baldwin , Tracy Morgan , Jane Krakowski , Jack McBrayer , Scott Adsit , Judah Friedlander , Katrina Bowden , Keith Powell , Lonny Ross , John Lutz , Sue Galloway , Kevin Brown , Grizz Chapman , Maulik Pancholy , and Rachel Dratch .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Set in 1962 , fifteen years after an alternative ending to World War II , the novel concerns intrigues between the victorious Axis Powers -- primarily , Imperial Japan and Nazi Germany -- as they rule over the former United States , as well as daily life under the resulting totalitarian rule .
By his wife , Pasiphaë  ( or some say Crete )  , he fathered Ariadne , Androgeus , Deucalion , Phaedra , Glaucus , Catreus , Acacallis and Xenodice .
He is regarded as one of the most brilliant and versatile filmmakers of Hollywood 's golden age .
He began his career in the 1980s , working as a voice artist on the satirical puppet show Spitting Image and providing voiceovers for television advertisements .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
The film was directed by Jeff Nichols , who also wrote the screenplay .
Soundgarden was one of the seminal bands in the creation of grunge , a style of alternative rock that developed in Seattle , and was one of a number of grunge bands signed to the record label Sub Pop .
As of November 2016 , Gomez is the most-followed Instagram user in the world .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
Timberlake voiced the lead character in DreamWorks Animation 's Trolls  ( 2016 )  , which soundtrack includes his fifth Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping single , `` Ca n't Stop the Feeling ! ''
Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a 2002 American epic space opera film directed by George Lucas and written by Lucas and Jonathan Hales .
Wyoming  [ waɪˈoʊmɪŋ ]  is a state in the mountain region of the western United States .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Henry John Deutschendorf Jr.  ( December 31 , 1943 -- October 12 , 1997 )  , known professionally as John Denver , an American musician , singer-songwriter , record producer , activist , actor , and humanitarian , whose greatest commercial success was as a solo singer .
Telling the story of four women who start a ghost-catching business in New York City , it is the third feature film in the Ghostbusters franchise and serves as a reboot to the previous films .
The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards at the 68th Academy Awards and won five : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Cinematography , Best Makeup , and Best Sound Editing .
The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier , Christian Bale as Alfred Borden , and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla .
She released her second studio album , 21 , in early 2011 .
It was later given a wide release at over 1,700 theaters in the United States and Canada on January 10 , 2014 .
The supporting cast features Jennifer Garner , Jonah Hill , Louis C.K. , Rob Lowe and Tina Fey .
Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins .
Jules Sébastien César Dumont d'Urville  ( 23 May 1790 -- 8 May 1842 )  was a French explorer , naval officer and rear admiral , who explored the south and western Pacific , Australia , New Zealand and Antarctica .
Lemon Sky is a play by Lanford Wilson which ran Off-Broadway in 1970 .
Alessia Caracciolo  (  [ aˈlɛssja kaˈrattʃolo ]  ; born July 11 , 1996 )  , professionally known as Alessia Cara , is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Grace Avery VanderWaal  ( born January 15 , 2004 )  is an American singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  (  [ neɡ̊olaɪ̯ kʰʌsd̥ɐ ˈʋald̥ɑʊ̯ ]  ; born 27 July 1970 )  is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Mauritius  (  [ məˈrɪʃəs ]  or  [ məˈrɪʃiːəs ]  Maurice )  , officially the Republic of Mauritius  ( République de Maurice )  , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent .
It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison .
Daddy Yankee 's album Barrio Fino made history when it became the top selling Latin music album of the decade between 2000-2009 .
The first film , Underworld , was released in 2003 .
Upon joining TNA in June 2005 , he embarked on an 19-month-long undefeated streak , and went on to hold the TNA World Heavyweight Championship once , the TNA X Division Championship five times , the TNA World Tag Team Championship twice , and the TNA Television Championship once ; completing the TNA Triple Crown and the TNA Grand Slam .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Stephen Rider is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Admiral Stephen W. Rochon in the film The Butler and Eric Millworth in the series Lucky 7 .
Catherine Elise Blanchett  (  [ ˈblæntʃət ]  born 14 May 1969 )  is an Australian actress and theatre director .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Joshua David Duhamel  (  [ dəˈmɛl ]  ; born November 14 , 1972 )  is an American actor and former fashion model .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
A seven-time Academy Award nominee , she received her first nomination for They Shoot Horses , Do n't They  ( 1969 )  and went on to win two Best Actress Oscars in the 1970s for Klute  ( 1971 )  and Coming Home  ( 1978 )  .
William Richard Tolbert Jr.  ( May 13 , 1913 -- April 12 , 1980 )  was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until 1980 , when he was killed in a coup d'état led by Samuel Doe .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
Seth Woodbury MacFarlane  (  [ ˈsɛθ ˈwʊdbɛri məkˈfɑrlɪn ]  born October 26 , 1973 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and singer , working primarily in animation and comedy , as well as live-action and other genres .
`` Scars to Your Beautiful '' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Alessia Cara for her debut studio album , Know-It-All  ( 2015 )  .
Jennifer Grey  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American actress .
Ryan Thomas Gosling  ( born November 12 , 1980 )  is a Canadian actor and musician .
It is the third-largest city in British Columbia by population , surpassed only by nearby Surrey and Vancouver .
A member of the Democratic Party , he is best known for his investigations into the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
After his retirement from engineering , Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics , and making significant contributions in both fields .
She is the daughter of Aerosmith 's lead singer , Steven Tyler , and model Bebe Buell .
He also hosted the ESPY Awards , Saturday Night Live , and appeared in the 2015 film Trainwreck .
For those films that did not receive an initial DVD release , Paramount released simple one-disc versions with no special features .
Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
Gujarat  (  [ , gUdZ@'raht ]   [ ˈɡudʒ ɾaːt̪ ]  )  is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million .
Justinian I  (  [ dʒʌˈstɪniən ]  Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus Augustus Φλάβιος Πέτρος Σαββάτιος Ἰουστινιανός Flávios Pétros Sabbátios Ioustinianós )   ( 482 14 November 565 )  , traditionally known as Justinian the Great and also Saint Justinian the Great in the Eastern Orthodox Church , was a Byzantine  ( East Roman )  emperor from 527 to 565 .
Michael Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone  (  [ stəˈloʊn ]   [ stalˈloːne ]  ; born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and screenwriter .
His presidential library was dedicated in 1997 , and he has been active -- often alongside Bill Clinton -- in various humanitarian activities .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
The song is the first track on Diamond 's 1982 album , also titled Heartlight , and reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming his eighth  ( and last )  top 5 hit on the chart .
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades , becoming acclaimed by critics and other musicians for his innovative work .
A dose of purified ricin powder the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human .
A Democrat , he won a record four presidential elections and emerged as a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century .
Denial premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 , 2016 and was released in the United States on September 30 , 2016 by Bleecker Street .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
The Falling is a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by Carol Morley .
Originally intended to be sent to mainstream and rhythmic airplay on May 25 , 2010 , the song debuted on May 7 , 2010 , after clips from the Teenage Dream album were leaked online .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 .
Diary of the Dead is a 2007 horror film by George A. Romero .
It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and shot in the 70 mm Todd-AO format , with a screenplay adapted by Mankiewicz , Ranald MacDougall and Sidney Buchman from a book by Carlo Maria Franzero .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
They incorporated Google as a privately held company on September 4 , 1998 .
Following that he released his second studio album Wolf , which was met with generally positive reviews and debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 selling 90,000 copies in its first week .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr.  ( born December 28 , 1954 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
Alandi  ( Marathi : आळंदी )  is a town and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Justin Drew Bieber  (  [ ˈbiːbər ]  born March 1 , 1994 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom .
Currently signed to WWE on a part-time contract , Johnson gained mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation  ( WWF , now WWE )  from 1996 to 2004 as a major figure in the company 's Attitude Era , and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history .
Helen Folasade Adu , OBE  ( Fọláṣadé Adú  [ fɔ̄láʃādé ādú ]  born 16 January 1959 )  , known professionally as Sade Adu or simply Sade  (  [ ʃɑːˈdeɪ ]  )  , is a Nigerian-born British singer-songwriter , composer , arranger , and record producer .
Jean-Martin Charcot  (  [ ʃɑrˈkoʊ ]   [ ʃaʁko ]  ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 )  was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
The ensemble cast stars Milo Ventimiglia , Mandy Moore , Sterling K. Brown , Chrissy Metz , Justin Hartley , Susan Kelechi Watson , Chris Sullivan , and Ron Cephas Jones .
From 1973 , Kurtzman taught cartooning at the School of Visual Arts in New York .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
In 2011 , the club became European champions again and won five trophies .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
The Star Trek film series is the cinematic branch of the Star Trek media franchise , which began in 1966 as a weekly television series on NBC , running for three seasons until it was canceled in 1969 because of poor ratings .
The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series .
In 1935 , Basie formed his own jazz orchestra , the Count Basie Orchestra , and in 1936 took them to Chicago for a long engagement and their first recording .
Alexander Hamilton  ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757July 12 , 1804 )  was an American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
The group is composed of eight members : Taeyeon , Sunny , Tiffany , Hyoyeon , Yuri , Sooyoung , Yoona , and Seohyun .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
In Algonquian folklore , the wendigo or windigo is a cannibal monster or evil spirit native to the northern forests of the Atlantic Coast and Great Lakes Region of both the United States and Canada .
From 1999 , Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism and encouraged economic privatisation , rapprochement with Western nations , and Pan-Africanism ; he was Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 -- 10 .
He was succeeded by his eldest daughter , Elizabeth II .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
Hugh Marston Hefner  ( born April 9 , 1926 )  is an American men 's lifestyle magazine publisher , businessman , and a well-known playboy .
A fictionalized account of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet as members of different social classes who fall in love aboard the ship during its ill-fated maiden voyage .
The Odyssey '' '  (  [ ˈɒdəsi ]  Ὀδύσσεια Odýsseia ,  [ o.dýs.sej.ja ]  in Classical Attic )  is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer .
She began her acting career by playing Sarah Roberts on One Life to Live  ( 1994 -- 97 )  , and Lizzie Spaulding on Guiding Light  ( 1996 -- 2000 )  , before starring at age 10 as Sheryl Yoast in the Disney feature film Remember the Titans .
It was released on 23 October 2015 as the second single from his ninth studio album , Ripcord , through Hit Red and Capitol Nashville .
Her next major role , G.I. Jane  ( 1997 )  , for which she famously shaved her head , was followed by a lengthy break and significant downturn in Moore 's career , although she has remained a subject of substantial media interest during the years since .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Evolution is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records .
Laura Elizabeth Dern  ( born February 10 , 1967 )  is an American actress .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
Sherlock is a crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes detective stories .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
The cast also includes Margot Kidder , Bo Svenson , Edward Herrmann and Susan Sarandon .
John Weldon `` J. J. '' Cale  ( December 5 , 1938 -- July 26 , 2013 )  was an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
He was one of the thirteen men who founded Juventus in 1897 and the club 's first ever president .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
Robbie Collin is a British film critic .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions , but , for census purposes , is divided into eight regions .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
also romanized as Ramazan , Ramadhan , or Ramathan )  is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and is observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting  ( Sawm )  to commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad according to Islamic belief .
Turn : Washington 's Spies was renewed for a second 10-episode season on June 23 , 2014 , which premiered on April 13 , 2015 , and for a third 10-episode season on July 15 , 2015 , which premiered on April 25 , 2016 .
The Vietnam War  ( Chiến tranh Việt Nam )  , also known as the Second Indochina War , and known in Vietnam as Resistance War Against America  ( Kháng chiến chống Mỹ )  or simply the American War , was a war that occurred in Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia from 1 November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975 .
The film 's version of the Queen was created by Walt Disney and Joe Grant , and originally animated by Art Babbit and voiced by Lucille La Verne .
Emma Rose Roberts  ( born February 10 , 1991 )  is an American actress and singer .
Above the Law  ( also known as Nico )  is a 1988 American action film written , produced and directed by Andrew Davis , and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal in his film debut .
Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung  (  [ ˈmaʊ dzəˈdʊŋ ,   zə - ,   - dɒŋ ]  December 26 , 1893September 9 , 1976 )  , also known as Chairman Mao , was a Chinese communist revolutionary and founding father of the People 's Republic of China , which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 , until his death in 1976 .
After studying law , Butler turned to acting in the mid-1990s with small roles in productions such as Mrs Brown  ( 1997 )  , the James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies  ( 1997 )  , and Tale of the Mummy  ( 1998 )  .
During his career at Microsoft , Gates held the positions of chairman , CEO and chief software architect , while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014 .
After a critically acclaimed performance in Bus Stop  ( 1956 )  and acting in the first independent production of MMP , The Prince and the Showgirl  ( 1957 )  , she won a Golden Globe for Best Actress for Some Like It Hot  ( 1959 )  .
Maria Yuryevna Sharapova  ( Мари́я Ю́рьевна Шара́пова ; born April 19 , 1987 )  is a Russian professional tennis player .
Today , Italy has the third largest economy in the Eurozone and the eighth largest in the world .
At 3.8 million square miles  ( 9.8 million km2 )  and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous .
Baahubali : The Beginning  ( stylized as bãhubali ; The One with Strong Arms )  is a 2015 Indian epic historical fiction film directed by S. S. Rajamouli .
The Fate of the Furious premiered on April 4 , 2017 in Berlin , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 14 , 2017 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D and 4DX internationally .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens )  is a 2015 American epic space opera film directed , co-produced , and co-written by J. J. Abrams .
An ethnic Hungarian , she was born and raised in Novi Sad , SFR Yugoslavia .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
The band consists of four animated members : 2-D  ( lead vocals , keyboards )  , Murdoc Niccals  ( bass guitar )  , Noodle  ( guitar , keyboards )  and Russel Hobbs  ( drums and percussion )  .
Leicester became the last team to win the League Cup at the original Wembley Stadium .
He also won the Bronze medal in men 's singles at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Born in Kallstadt , in the Kingdom of Bavaria  ( now in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany )  , he emigrated to the United States at the age of 16 and started working as a barber .
Jane Fonda  ( born Jayne Seymour Fonda ; December 21 , 1937 )  is an American actress , writer , political activist , former fashion model and fitness guru .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird , produced by Pixar Animation Studios , and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor , and as a producer since 2005 .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
Michael Clarke Duncan  ( December 10 , 1957September 3 , 2012 )  was an American actor , best known for his breakout role as John Coffey in The Green Mile  ( 1999 )  , for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and various similar honors .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
Grunge became commercially successful in the early 1990s , due to releases such as Nirvana 's Nevermind , Pearl Jam 's Ten , Soundgarden 's Superunknown , Alice in Chains ' Dirt and Stone Temple Pilots ' Core .
G-Dragon later formed a duo with fellow Big Bang member T.O.P to record and release the album GD & TOP  ( 2010 )  , which contained the top-five hits `` High High '' , `` Oh Yeah '' , and `` Knock Out '' on the Gaon Digital Chart , while the album peaked at number-one .
She subsequently starred in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang  ( 2010 )  , Wo n't Back Down  ( 2012 )  and Frank  ( 2014 )  , for which she was nominated for a BIFA Award .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
John Clayton Mayer  (  [ ˈmeɪ.ɚ ]  born October 16 , 1977 )  is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer .
Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg  ( born 18 October 1960 )  , professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD , is a Belgian actor , martial artist , screenwriter , film producer , and director best known for his martial arts action films .
Watts directed and co-wrote the upcoming Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures produced Spider-Man : Homecoming , slated for a July 7 , 2017 release .
She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band , on local radio shows with her siblings , and at rodeos .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 psychological drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Jonathan Tucker , Melissa Leo , David Thewlis and Erika Christensen , .
Born in Leningrad  ( now Saint Petersburg )  , Putin studied German in high school and speaks the language fluently .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
Devdas won the Filmfare Award for Best Film .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery film , written and directed by David Lynch .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
It is about a young man named Art , played by Robert Pattinson , who is going through a quarter-life crisis .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber .
The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform  ( previously named ABC Family )  television network .
Brian Michael Lynch  ( born June 21 , 1973 )  is an American film and comic book writer .
Sons of Anarchy premiered on September 3 , 2008 , on cable network FX .
It is the highest grossing Christmas movie of all time at the North American box office  ( when adjusted for inflation )  .
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number .
The band 's Where We Are Tour in support of Midnight Memories and Four , was the highest-grossing concert tour in 2014 , and the highest-grossing tour ever by a vocal group , generating $ 282 million .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
It stars Gary Oldman , Joan Allen , Jeff Bridges and Christian Slater .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Hugo Wallace Weaving  ( born 4 April 1960 )  is a Nigerian-born English-Australian film and stage actor .
Streptococcus is a genus of coccus  ( spherical )  Gram-positive bacteria belonging to the phylum Firmicutes and the order Lactobacillales  ( lactic acid bacteria )  .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
The films feature an ensemble cast that also includes James Nesbitt , Ken Stott , Evangeline Lilly , Lee Pace and Luke Evans , with several actors reprising their roles from The Lord of the Rings , including Cate Blanchett , Orlando Bloom , Ian Holm , Christopher Lee , Hugo Weaving , Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film Star Trek  ( 2009 )  , the thriller adventure A Perfect Getaway  ( 2009 )  , the horror comedy The Cabin in the Woods  ( 2012 )  , the dark-fantasy action film Snow White and the Huntsman  ( 2012 )  , the war film Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , and the biographical sports drama film Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
Trolls is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical romantic comedy adventure film based on the Troll dolls created by Thomas Dam .
From 2006 to 2013 , Baldwin starred as Jack Donaghy on the NBC sitcom 30 Rock , winning two Emmy Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and seven Screen Actors Guild Awards for his work on the show , making him the male performer with the most SAG Awards .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
Nick Jonas is the second eponymous studio album by American singer-songwriter Nick Jonas .
These fears can be triggered by perceived or actual scrutiny from others .
Missing  ( stylized as missing . ) 
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
She is the most successful female songwriter of the latter half of the 20th century , having written or co-written 118 pop hits on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1955 and 1999 .
He is the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries , the digital division of Legendary Entertainment .
Adi Shankar  ( born Aditya Shankar ; January 8 , 1985 )  is an Indian-born American film producer , film director , YouTube personality , and occasional actor , who is best known for being the youngest producer to have a number one film at the North American box office with The Grey .
The Romans , who would occupy Tunisia for most of the next eight hundred years , introduced Christianity and left architectural legacies like the El Djem amphitheater .
Isador Cortez , also known as Machete , is a fictional character in the four Spy Kids films , the Grindhouse fake trailer , and the Machete and Machete Kills films .
Harmanpreet Kaur  ( ਹਰਮਨਪ੍ਰੀਤ ਕੌਰ born 8 March 1989 , Moga , Punjab )  is an Indian cricketer who has played in 2 Tests , 49 women 's one-day internationals and 53 Twenty20 internationals for India .
Geraldine Leigh Chaplin  ( born July 31 , 1944 )  is a prolific actress of English , French , and Spanish language films , the fourth child of Charlie Chaplin , the first of eight with fourth wife Oona O'Neill .
Glen is best known for his roles as Dr. Alexander Isaacs / Tyrant in the Resident Evil films and for portraying Ser Jorah Mormont on Game of Thrones .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
The film includes cameos by George Segal , David Cronenberg , author Maynard , and screenwriter Henry .
Graciosa Island or commonly La Graciosa  (  [ la ɣɾaˈθjosa ]  ; Spanish for `` graceful '' )  is a volcanic island in the Canary Islands of Spain , located 2 km north of the island of Lanzarote across the strait named El Río .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
Cleopatra VII Philopator  ( Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ 69 -- August 12 , 30 BC )  , known to history simply as Cleopatra , was the last active ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt , briefly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
Martin John Christopher Freeman  ( born 8 September 1971 )  is an English actor , who became known for portraying Tim Canterbury in the original UK version of sitcom mockumentary The Office , Dr. John Watson in the British crime drama Sherlock , Bilbo Baggins in Peter Jackson 's The Hobbit film trilogy , and Lester Nygaard in the dark comedy-crime drama TV series Fargo .
Heather Miriam Watson  ( born 19 May 1992 )  is a British tennis player and a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion .
Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head  ( 1993 -- 1997 , 2011 )  , co-creator of the television series King of the Hill  ( 1997 -- 2010 )  , The Goode Family  ( 2009 )  , and Silicon Valley  ( 2014 -- present )  .
He is a highly prolific actor , having appeared in over 100 films , including Die Hard with a Vengeance  ( 1995 )  , Unbreakable  ( 2000 )  , Shaft  ( 2000 )  , The 51st State  ( 2001 )  , Black Snake Moan  ( 2006 )  , Snakes on a Plane  ( 2006 )  , and the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 1999 -- 2005 )  , as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game .
In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie .
Nineteen Eighty-Four , often published as 1984 , is a dystopian novel published in 1949 by English author George Orwell .
Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt .
It is based on Antony Johnston and Sam Hart 's 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West .
Authorities within the United States have also accused al-Baghdadi of kidnapping , enslaving , and repeatedly raping an American citizen , Kayla Mueller , who was later killed .
The Man in the High Castle  ( 1962 )  is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick .
To Die For is a 1995 American criminal comedy-drama film , made in a mockumentary format , directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry , based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard , which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart .
The Black Dahlia is a 2006 French-American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Josh Friedman .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti  ( Arabic : صدام حسين عبد المجيد التكريتي ; 28 April 1937 -- 30 December 2006 )  was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Beyond writing , Sokolow and Cohen jointly directed Monster Mash : The Movie and executive produced Gnomes and Trolls : The Secret Chamber  ( 2008 )  .
Boston  ( pronounced  [ ˈbɒstən ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States .
Vincent Cassel  (  [ vɛ̃sɑ̃ kasɛl ]  ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 )  is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan .
The island 's government is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system , and Mauritius is highly ranked for democracy and for economic and political freedom .
From 2006 to 2007 , Paulson played the role of Harriet Hayes in the NBC comedy-drama series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination .
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway  ( born November 12 , 1982 )  is an American actress and singer .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Sindh also borders the Indian states of Gujarat and Rajasthan to the east , and Arabian Sea to the south .
He first received attention as `` Stiles '' Stilinski in the MTV series Teen Wolf , and transitioned to film in projects such as The First Time , The Internship and Deepwater Horizon , and as the lead in the dystopian science-fiction adventure series The Maze Runner , consisting of The Maze Runner and its sequel , Maze Runner : The Scorch Trials .
Parts in smaller-scale features were followed by a decrease in workload , during which she returned to stage and portrayed an ageing actress in A Little Night Music  ( 2009 )  , winning a Tony Award .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
By contrast , Cleopatra did learn to speak Egyptian and represented herself as the reincarnation of the Egyptian goddess Isis .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
There are rich reserves of gold , silver , tin , tungsten , mercury , copper , antimony , coal , oil , and peat .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Con Man is an American comedy web series created , written , directed by , and starring Alan Tudyk .
She wrote the play Art and Guff , co-wrote the series Cowbois ac Injans and four episodes of the BBC 's science fiction drama Torchwood : `` Out of Time '' , `` Captain Jack Harkness '' , `` Meat '' and `` Adam '' .
Thomas William Hiddleston  ( born 9 February 1981 )  is an English actor , producer and musical performer .
Other qualities of the film , such as its cinematography , direction , and screenplay , were also lauded and received numerous awards and nominations .
The son of jazz musician Olu Dara , Nas has released eight consecutive platinum and multi-platinum albums and has sold over 25,000,000 records worldwide .
The group released a record-setting twelve number-one hit singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 , including `` Where Did Our Love Go '' , `` Baby Love '' , `` Come See About Me '' , `` Stop !
Lipstick Waale Sapne  ( English : Lipstick Under My Burkha )  is an Indian film made in Hindi .
Notable films include The Trap  ( 1966 )  , Oliver !
Carol Leifer  (  [ ˈliːfər ]  ;
He appeared on several TV shows such as Guiding Light , Wolf Lake , Smallville , and Everwood .
She is known for playing Betty Rizzo in the film Grease  ( 1978 )  and First Lady Abbey Bartlet on the NBC television series The West Wing  ( 1999 -- 2006 )  .
Located in the City of Westminster , the palace is often at the centre of state occasions and royal hospitality .
Produced by Sullivan Bluth Studios , Amblin Partners ' Amblin Entertainment and Lucasfilm  ( despite not receiving an official credit nor the film 's marketing bearing the studio 's logo )  , it features dinosaurs living in the prehistoric times .
Western Romance languages are one of the two subdivisions of a proposed subdivision of the Romance languages based on the La Spezia -- Rimini line .
Toy Story 3 is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama film , the third installment in the Toy Story series , and the sequel to Toy Story 2  ( 1999 )  .
The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the largest city is New York City ; nine other major metropolitan areas -- each with at least 4.5 million inhabitants and the largest having more than 13 million people -- are Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , Philadelphia , Miami , Atlanta , Boston , and San Francisco .
Conan Christopher O'Brien  ( born April 18 , 1963 )  is an American television host , comedian , and television producer .
Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry .
Breaking Bad is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan .
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies .
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan .
The party was dissolved on 29 August 1991 on Soviet territory soon after a failed coup d'état and was completely abolished on 6 November 1991 on Russian territory .
Michael Andrew Fox , OC  ( born June 9 , 1961 )  , known professionally as Michael J. Fox , is a Canadian-American actor , author , producer , and activist .
Aaliyah Dana Haughton  (  [ ɑ : ˈliːə ]  January 16 , 1979 -- August 25 , 2001 )  was an American singer , actress , and model .
She is the mother of George W. Bush , the 43rd President , and Jeb Bush , the 43rd Governor of Florida .
Hungarians can be classified into several subgroups according to local linguistic and cultural characteristics ; subgroups with distinct identities include the Székelys , the Csángós , the Palóc , and the Jász people .
The series focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns , residents and attending physicians , as they evolve into seasoned doctors while trying to maintain personal lives and relationships .
It stars Burt Lancaster , Susan Sarandon , Kate Reid , Robert Joy , Hollis McLaren , Michel Piccoli , and Al Waxman .
It had special sneak previews in the Philippines on August 16 and 17 , 2015 , as well as multiple pre-screenings throughout the United States before its official release on August 26 , 2015 by The Weinstein Company .
The company was formed through several acquisitions , including acquisition of the New York Observer in 2007 .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
Arnold Vinick is a fictional character on the television series The West Wing played by Alan Alda .
Scabies , previously known as the seven-year itch , is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
A businessman with interests in financial services , entertainment , and media , and an estimated net worth of $ 3 billion , he is ranked by Forbes as the 232nd richest person in America .
Prevention is by eating a healthy diet , regular exercise , maintaining a healthy weight and not smoking .
A Liberty bond  ( or liberty loan )  was a war bond that was sold in the United States to support the allied cause in World War I. Subscribing to the bonds became a symbol of patriotic duty in the United States and introduced the idea of financial securities to many citizens for the first time .
Born in London to English actor Eric Thompson and Scottish actress Phyllida Law , Thompson was educated at Newnham College , University of Cambridge , where she became a member of the Footlights troupe .
The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
It is additionally packaged with the reissue of her second studio album Born to Die  ( 2012 )  , titled Born to Die : The Paradise Edition .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
John Felix Anthony Cena Jr.  (  [ ˈsiːnə ]  born April 23 , 1977 )  is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
Thornton had his first break when he co-wrote and starred in the 1992 thriller One False Move , and came to international attention after writing , directing , and starring in the independent drama film Sling Blade  ( 1996 )  , for which he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor .
Thomas Anthony DeSimone  ( May 24 , 1950 -- disappeared January 14 , 1979 )  , also known as Two-Gun Tommy or Tommy D , was a Sicilian-American gangster and associate of the Lucchese crime family in New York City .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
The American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney -- ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company .
The film 's release , scheduled on 15 November 2013 , had been stayed by Delhi High Court .
The character was originally created by Bob Kane , Bill Finger , and Jerry Robinson , to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Gabourey Sidibe  (  [ ˈɡæbəˌreɪ ˈsɪdɪˌbeɪ ]  ; born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress who made her acting debut in the 2009 film Precious , a role that brought her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress .
It is an Indo-Aryan language that is spoken mostly in eastern India , with around 40 million native speakers , as of the year 2016 , from the state of Odisha , from adjoining regions of its neighboring states and by the largely migrated Odia population across India .
Paul Reiser co-stars as the student 's father .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Dominick John Dunne  ( October 29 , 1925 -- August 26 , 2009 )  was an American producer , writer and investigative journalist .
Florence Glenda Chapman  ( née Ballard ; June 30 , 1943 -- February 22 , 1976 )  was an American vocalist .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
Douglas Aircraft Company largely operated as a division of McDonnell Douglas  ( MD )  after the merger .
A sequel to 2015 's Pitch Perfect 2 and the third installment in the Pitch Perfect series , the film will star Anna Kendrick , Anna Camp , Rebel Wilson , Brittany Snow , Hailee Steinfeld , Alexis Knapp , Ester Dean , Hana Mae Lee , Chrissie Fit , Kelley Jakle , and Shelley Regner as the Bellas and Elizabeth Banks and John Michael Higgins .
The gray wolf or grey wolf  ( Canis lupus )  , also known as the timber wolf or western wolf , is a canine native to the wilderness and remote areas of Eurasia and North America .
Holly Hunter  ( born March 20 , 1958 )  is an American actress and producer .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
Marlowe was the foremost Elizabethan tragedian of his day .
Budapest  (  [ ˈbudɒpɛʃt ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of Hungary and one of the largest cities in the European Union .
Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Massachusetts  [ mæsəˈtʃuːsᵻts ]  or  [ ˌmæsəˈtʃuːzᵻts ]  ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
Batman Begins is a 2005 British-American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman , co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe , and Morgan Freeman .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
Earp spent his early life in Iowa .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
Independence Day : Resurgence is a 2016 American science fiction film written and directed by Roland Emmerich with co-writers Dean Devlin , Nicolas Wright , James A. Woods , and James Vanderbilt .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
She is well known for her role as Dr. Remy `` Thirteen '' Hadley on the award-winning medical television series House  ( 2007 -- 12 )  and her roles in Alpha Dog  ( 2007 )  , Tron : Legacy  ( 2010 )  , Cowboys & Aliens  ( 2011 )  , Her  ( 2013 )  , Drinking Buddies  ( 2013 )  , and Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Jenna Dewan Tatum  (  [ də ` wɑːn   ` teɪtəm ]  born Jenna Lee Dewan ; December 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and dancer .
Its major cities include Hyderabad , Warangal , Khammam , Karimnagar and Nizamabad .
Born in Bellflower , California , Carter graduated with a degree in journalism from California State University , Long Beach before spending thirteen years working for Surfing Magazine .
The plot concerns a process server and his marijuana dealer friend forced to flee from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after witnessing them commit a murder .
My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film directed by Pawel Pawlikowski and co-written by Pawlikowski and Michael Wynne .
Her credits include the roles of FBI Special Agent Dana Scully in the long-running and widely popular series The X-Files , ill-fated socialite Lily Bart in Terence Davies ' film The House of Mirth  ( 2000 )  , and DSI Stella Gibson on the BBC crime drama television series The Fall .
Her debut studio album Killer Love  ( 2011 )  was released to moderate success and was preceded by the number-one single `` Do n't Hold Your Breath '' .
Andre Kirk Agassi  (  [ ˈɑːndreɪ ˈæɡəsi ]  born April 29 , 1970 )  is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
It was written by Stiller , Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
Dennis William Quaid  ( born April 9 , 1954 )  is an American actor known for a wide variety of dramatic and comedic roles .
Angell won multiple Emmy Awards as the creator and executive producer , along with Peter Casey and David Lee , of the comedy series Frasier .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
Christopher Edward Nolan  (  [ ˈnoʊlən ]  born 30 July 1970 )  is an English-American film director , screenwriter and producer .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
During the Spanish -- American War , the United States captured Guam on June 21 , 1898 .
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
Stephen Vincent Strange , M.D. is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Upon returning to Tennessee , he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court , serving from 1798 until 1804 .
David Lawrence Schwimmer  ( born November 2 , 1966 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
A major West Coast port city , Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area , the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area , the eighth largest city in California , and the 45th largest city in the United States , with a population of 419,267 .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
Mickey Charles Mantle  ( October 20 , 1931 -- August 13 , 1995 )  , nicknamed The Commerce Comet and The Mick , was an American professional baseball player .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
A former U.S. Navy SEAL and special warfare operator , O'Neill is best known for claiming to have fired the head shots that killed Osama bin Laden during the raid on his Abbottabad compound on May 1 , 2011 .
Barbara Stanwyck  ( born Ruby Catherine Stevens ; July 16 , 1907 -- January 20 , 1990 )  was an American actress , model and dancer .
It was adapted for the screen by Aaron Sorkin from his play of the same name but includes contributions by William Goldman .
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson  ( December 10 , 1830 -- May 15 , 1886 )  was an American poet .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Hawaii is the 8th-smallest and the 11th-least populous , but the 13th-most densely populated of the fifty U.S. states .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
Margaret Eleanor Atwood ,  ( born November 18 , 1939 )  is a Canadian poet , novelist , literary critic , essayist , and environmental activist .
Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  was founded in 1999 in Kingston , Jamaica .
Created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze , she first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 18  ( cover-dated Dec. 1942 )  .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Other early appearances were in the Disney family film A Kid in King Arthur 's Court  ( 1995 )  and the biographical film Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , as well as in the historical war drama television series Sharpe 's Eagle  ( 1993 )  and the action-adventure drama series Zorro .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
24 is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language science fiction thriller film written and directed by Vikram Kumar .
BYD Auto Co. , Ltd. is a Chinese automobile manufacturer based in Xi'an , Shaanxi Province , and a wholly owned subsidiary of BYD Company .
He serves as the lead character of the comic books Hellblazer  ( 1988 -- 2013 )  , Constantine  ( 2013 -- 15 )  , Constantine : The Hellblazer  ( 2015 -- 16 )  , and The Hellblazer  ( 2016 -- )  .
The name `` Nepal '' is first recorded in texts from the Vedic Age , the era which founded Hinduism , the predominant religion of the country .
Neil Patrick Harris  ( born June 15 , 1973 )  is an American actor , comedian , magician , singer , and composer , known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles .
Jeffrey Allen Ament  ( born March 10 , 1963 )  is an American musician and songwriter who serves as the bassist for the American rock band Pearl Jam .
Albany  (  [ ˈɔːlbəni ]  )  is the capital of the U.S. state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 .
Unlike much of the Caribbean region , Aruba has a dry climate and an arid , cactus-strewn landscape .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Kaminey  ( Rascal )  is a 2009 Indian caper thriller film directed by Vishal Bhardwaj and featuring Shahid Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Amol Gupte in the lead roles .
Richard Starkey ,  ( born 7 July 1940 )  , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
In Greek texts , the phalanx may be deployed for battle , on the march , even camped , thus describing the mass of infantry or cavalry that would deploy in line during battle .
After starring in telenovelas early in his career , he has appeared in many films , including Y tu mamá también , Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights , Rudo y Cursi and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' .
It stars Tom Hanks , reprising his role as Robert Langdon , alongside Felicity Jones , Omar Sy , Sidse Babett Knudsen , Ben Foster and Irrfan Khan .
Caryn Elaine Johnson  ( born November 13 , 1955 )  , known professionally as Whoopi Goldberg  (  [ ˈwhʊpi ]  )  , is an American actress , comedian , author and television host .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
Rumours , Fleetwood Mac 's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham , was the best-selling album of the year of its release , and to date , has made sales of over 40 million copies worldwide , making it the fifth-highest selling studio album of all time .
Paris  ( French pronunciation :  [ pɑʁi ]  ,  [ paʁi ]  )  is the capital and most populous city of France .
Craig Middlebrooks is a fictional character on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation .
The club have been FA Cup finalists four times , in 1948 -- 49 , 1960 -- 61 , 1962 -- 63 and 1968 -- 69 .
Mary Elizabeth `` Tipper '' Gore  ( née Aitcheson ; born August 19 , 1948 )  is an author , photographer , and social issues advocate who was Second Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the wife of Al Gore , the 45th Vice President of the United States , from whom she is currently separated .
In the 2011 summer transfer window , Lukaku joined Premier League club Chelsea .
He is known for his roles in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  , Shallow Hal  ( 2001 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , King Kong  ( 2005 )  , The Holiday  ( 2006 )  , Nacho Libre  ( 2006 )  , Kung Fu Panda  ( 2008 )  , Tropic Thunder  ( 2008 )  , Gulliver 's Travels  ( 2010 )  , Kung Fu Panda 2  ( 2011 )  , Bernie  ( 2011 )  , Goosebumps  ( 2015 )  , and Kung Fu Panda 3  ( 2016 )  .
Charles Robert Redford Jr.  ( born August 18 , 1936 )  is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Michael Richard Pence  ( born June 7 , 1959 )  is an American politician , lawyer , and the 48th and current Vice President of the United States .
After signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 1998 , he gained commercial success in the rap rock genre behind the singles `` Bawitdaba '' , `` Cowboy '' and `` Only God Knows Why ''  ( the latter foreshadowing his move into country rock )  .
William Jennings Bryan  ( March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 )  was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's nominee for President of the United States  ( 1896 , 1900 , and 1908 )  .
The group consists of founders Dave Gahan  ( lead vocals , occasional songwriter since 2005 )  , Martin Gore  ( guitar , keyboards , vocals , main songwriter since 1982 )  , and Andy Fletcher  ( keyboards , bass guitar )  .
Helen Gardner  ( 1878 -- 1946 )  was an American art historian and educator .
He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna .
On March 31 , 1993 , Lee died during the filming of The Crow in an accident involving a prop gun .
In his career as a member of One Direction , Horan co-wrote many songs , beginning with `` Taken '' , `` Everything About You '' , `` Same Mistakes '' , `` Back for You '' and `` Summer Love '' from their debut albums Up All Night and Take Me Home .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Risk factors for reactivation include old age , poor immune function , and having had chickenpox before 18 months of age .
The group debuted on August 1 , 2014 , with their digital single `` Happiness '' and with four members : Irene , Seulgi , Wendy and Joy .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
The Night Of is an American eight-part crime drama television miniseries based on Criminal Justice , a 2008 -- 09 British television series .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
As his father was absent and his mother struggled financially , he was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine .
He appears in the first two volumes of The Lord of the Rings  ( The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers )  , and is mentioned in the last volume , The Return of the King .
Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress  ( ANC )  party from 1991 to 1997 .
Directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat , the film is notable for its graphic portrayal of war , and for the intensity of its opening 27 minutes , which includes a depiction of the Omaha Beach assault during the Normandy landings .
Black was the bassist in Elvis Presley 's early trio after which he formed Bill Black 's Combo .
The Second Punic War , also referred to as The Hannibalic War and  ( by the Romans )  the War Against Hannibal , lasted from 218 to 201 BC and involved combatants in the western and eastern Mediterranean .
George Dewey Cukor  (  [ ˈkjuːkər ]  July 7 , 1899 -- January 24 , 1983 )  was an American film director .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer , and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck , Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Jesse Eisenberg , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Jeremy Irons , Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
is a Japanese voice actor and actor born in Tokyo .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
In the same year , the Austrian Parliament created the Declaration of Neutrality which declared that the Second Austrian Republic would become permanently neutral .
He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide .
Born in Harlem , New York , and raised in Libertyville , Illinois , Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school .
Nicolas Kim Coppola  ( born January 7 , 1964 )  , known professionally as Nicolas Cage , is an American actor and producer .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Arya is the younger daughter of Lord Eddard Stark and his wife Lady Catelyn Stark .
According to four federal government investigations and one municipal investigation , These were investigations by : the Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( 1963 )  , the Warren Commission  ( 1964 )  , the House Select Committee on Assassinations  ( 1979 )  , the Secret Service , and the Dallas Police Department .
She was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize , the first person and only woman to win twice , the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two different sciences , and was part of the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes .
Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones  ( 2009 )  .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
He is the co-founder of the production company Picture Shuru Productions , and is a co-owner of the Indian Super League football team Mumbai City FC .
John Clayton Mayer  (  [ ˈmeɪ.ɚ ]  born October 16 , 1977 )  is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer .
With The Shining  ( 1980 )  , he became one of the first directors to make use of a Steadicam for stabilized and fluid tracking shots .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
His style was influenced by gospel music , country music , and rhythm and blues acts , and he performed in Lubbock with his friends from high school .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
Three of his films ranked in the American Film Institute 's list of the top 100 comedy films of the past 100 years  ( 1900 -- 2000 )  , all of which ranked in the top 15 of the list : Blazing Saddles at number 6 , The Producers at number 11 , and Young Frankenstein at number 13 .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
Brandon Cole `` Bam '' Margera  (  [ mɑrˈdʒɛərə ]  or ; born September 28 , 1979 )  is an American professional skateboarder , stunt performer , and television personality .
Neighbors  ( released in some countries as Bad Neighbours )  is a 2014 American comedy film directed by Nicholas Stoller and written by Andrew Cohen and Brendan O'Brien .
She has appeared in Time 100 most influential people in the world  ( 2010 and 2015 )  , Forbes top-earning women in music  ( 2011 -- 2015 )  , Forbes 100 most powerful women  ( 2015 )  , and Forbes Celebrity 100  ( 2016 )  .
A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district .
In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion .
As of December 2013 , Saskatchewan 's population was estimated at 1,114,170 .
Colin Andrew Firth ,  ( born 10 September 1960 )  is an English actor .
Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström  ( born 19 October 1983 )  , known professionally as Rebecca Ferguson , is a Swedish actress .
Born in Norway to a Norwegian mother and a German father , she grew up in Sweden and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA , which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide , making them one of the best-selling music artists in history .
Through most of its history , Delhi has served as a capital of various kingdoms and empires .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
Harald V  (  [ ˈhɑrːɑɫ ]  ; born 21 February 1937 )  is the King of Norway , having ascended the throne following the death of his father on 17 January 1991 .
Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 .
On returning to the United States , he criticized the education system in works such as The American High School Today  ( 1959 )  , Slums and Suburbs  ( 1961 )  and The Education of American Teachers  ( 1963 )  .
Boomerang is a 1992 American romantic comedy film directed by Reginald Hudlin .
The Bible  ( from Koine Greek τὰ βιβλία , tà biblía , `` the books '' )  is a collection of sacred texts or scriptures that Jews and Christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration and a record of the relationship between God and humans .
It is the band 's first studio album since 2010 's The Fall , and features collaborations from several artists including Vince Staples , Popcaan , D.R.A.M. , Grace Jones , Anthony Hamilton , De La Soul , Danny Brown , Kelela , Mavis Staples , Pusha T , and Benjamin Clementine .
With the possible exception of Walt Whitman , Dickinson is now recognized as the most important American poet of the 19th century .
Price has had many highly publicised relationships and has been married three times , to singer Peter Andre  ( 2005 -- 2009 )  , to professional fighter Alex Reid  ( 2010 -- 2011 )  and to builder and part-time stripper Kieran Hayler  ( 2013 -- )  .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa .
Diego da Silva Costa  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ða ˈsilβa ˈkosta ]  ,  [ ˈdʒjeɡu dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈkɔstɐ ]  ; born 7 October 1988 )  , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team .
Nicholas `` Nick '' Kroll  ( born June 5 , 1978 )  is an American actor , comedian , writer , and producer .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
Jack Roosevelt Robinson  ( January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 )  was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  in the modern era .
Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing  ( 1969 )  , Myra Breckinridge  ( 1970 )  , Logan 's Run  ( 1976 )  , Sunburn  ( 1979 )  , Saturn 3  ( 1980 )  , The Cannonball Run  ( 1981 )  , Extremities  ( 1986 )  , The Apostle  ( 1997 )  , and Dr. T & the Women  ( 2000 )  .
Tommy Lee Jones  ( born September 15 , 1946 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
It was released as the album 's second single on November 16 , 2002 .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Psychological horror is a subgenre of horror and psychological fiction , which relies on the mental , emotional and psychological status of characters to frighten or unsettle readers , viewers , or players .
As an executive at the BBC , Neame was responsible for bringing a new wave of popular dramas to the screen including Spooks  ( MI5 )  , State of Play , Hustle and New Tricks .
Minions is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy film , serving as a spin-off/prequel to the Despicable Me franchise .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
The island 's government is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system , and Mauritius is highly ranked for democracy and for economic and political freedom .
Most Azerbaijanis however , do not actively practice any religion , and the country has been seen to be one of the most irreligious countries in the Muslim world , with 53 % stating religion has little to no importance in their lives , according to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls .
It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
Lahore is also home to the UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Lahore Fort and Shalimar Gardens .
The primary precursor network , the ARPANET , initially served as a backbone for interconnection of regional academic and military networks in the 1980s .
It received two Academy Award nominations at the 89th Academy Awards : one for Best Animated Feature and another for Best Original Song  ( `` How Far I 'll Go '' )  .
`` Do n't Let Me Down '' became their first top 5 single there and won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 59th awards ceremony , while `` Closer '' became their first number-one single on the chart .
Through the worldwide influence of the British Empire , modern English spread around the world from the 17th to mid-20th centuries .
Zeus  [ ˈzju : s ]   ( Ζεύς , Zeús ,  [ zdeǔ̯s ]  Modern Δίας , Días  [ ˈði.as ]  )  is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus .
His younger brother , Damon Allen , played quarterback for 23 seasons in the Canadian Football League and was professional football 's all-time leader in passing yards .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Nicole Mary Kidman , AC  ( born June 20 , 1967 )  is an Australian actress and film producer .
A remake of the movie premiered in the United States on March 19 , 2004 .
Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga .
He is the founder and CEO of Top Rank , a professional boxing promotion company based in Las Vegas .
He then played Detective John Amsterdam in the short-lived Fox television series New Amsterdam  ( 2008 )  , as well as appearing as Frank Pike in the 2009 Fox television film Virtuality , originally intended as a pilot .
David Lawrence Schwimmer  ( born November 2 , 1966 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
The film 's version of the Queen was created by Walt Disney and Joe Grant , and originally animated by Art Babbit and voiced by Lucille La Verne .
Witherspoon 's breakthrough role was playing Elle Woods in the 2001 film Legally Blonde , for which she received her second Golden Globe nomination .
Albany is one of the oldest surviving settlements of the original British thirteen colonies , and the longest continuously chartered city in the United States .
Christopher Robert Evans  ( born June 13 , 1981 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund .
Leicester City Football Club  (  [ ˌlɛstər ˈsɪti ]  )  , also known as the Foxes , is an English professional football club based at the King Power Stadium in Leicester .
Saul Hudson  ( born July 23 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter .
The scope of international relations comprehends globalization , diplomatic relations , state sovereignty , international security , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , as well as terrorism and organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism , and human rights , as well , as , more recently , comparative religion .
Parts in smaller-scale features were followed by a decrease in workload , during which she returned to stage and portrayed an ageing actress in A Little Night Music  ( 2009 )  , winning a Tony Award .
He later released his debut studio album Under Pressure in October 2014 , which debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 , eventually becoming certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  and having sold more than 171,000 copies .
She also appears regularly as a contributor and guest co-host on NBC 's Today .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Belgium  (  [ ˈbɛldʒəm ]  België  [ ˈbɛlɣijə ]  ; Belgique  [ bɛlʒik ]  ; Belgien  [ ˈbɛlɡi̯ən ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
It was released on May 19 , 2017 through Warner Bros. .
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park , New York .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2 , 1970 , after Nixon signed an executive order .
Past hosts include Song Hye-kyo , Rain , Ji Sung , Song Joong-ki , Uee , Yoon Bo-ra , Park Seo-joon , Irene , and Park Bo-gum .
Steven Allan Spielberg , ,  ( born December 18 , 1946 )  is an American director , producer , and screenwriter .
Subhas Chandra Bose  ( 23 January 1897 -- 18 August 1945 )  was an Indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in India , but whose attempt during World War II to rid India of British rule with the help of Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan left a troubled legacy .
Theodore Robert Bundy  ( born Theodore Robert Cowell ; November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 )  was an American serial killer , kidnapper , rapist , burglar , and necrophile who assaulted and murdered numerous young women and girls during the 1970s , and possibly earlier .
It is based on the true story of American journalist Charles Horman , who disappeared in the bloody aftermath of the US-backed Chilean coup of 1973 that deposed the democratically elected socialist President Salvador Allende .
Antarctica is a desert , with annual precipitation of only 200 mm  ( 8 in )  along the coast and far less inland .
Indian  ( Tamil : இந்தியன் )  is a 1996 Indian Tamil vigilante crime thriller film written and directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam .
The Paleogene  (  [ pronˈpæliːədʒiːn ]  or  [ ˈpeɪliːədʒiːn ]  also spelled Palaeogene or Palæogene ; informally Lower Tertiary )  is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago  ( Mya )  to the beginning of the Neogene Period Mya .
He has served in the administrations of five U.S. Presidents and was a candidate for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Matt Cameron became the band 's full-time drummer in 1986 , while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990 .
Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 3D epic action adventure fantasy film that is a sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .
After either ten batsmen have been dismissed or a fixed number of overs have been completed , the innings ends and the two teams then swap roles .
The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
The West Wing contains the Oval Office , the Cabinet Room , the Situation Room , and the Roosevelt Room .
The Nile , which is 6,853 km  ( 4,258 miles )  long , is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries , namely , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo-Kinshasa , Kenya , Ethiopia , Eritrea , South Sudan , Sudan and Egypt .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
Matthew William `` Matt '' Sorum  ( born November 19 , 1960 )  is an American drummer and percussionist .
Killer whales have a diverse diet , although individual populations often specialize in particular types of prey .
Jovovich gained attention for her role in the explicit 1991 romance film Return to the Blue Lagoon , as she was then only 15 .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
The album was also successful outside of Swift 's native country , especially in Canada , Australia , and the United Kingdom .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo , with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander , Dick Cavett , Susan Lynch , John Krasinski , Rachel Covey , and Mia Dillon .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
The wreck of Titanic , first discovered over 70 years after the sinking , remains on the seabed , split in two and gradually disintegrating at a depth of 12415 ft. Since her discovery in 1985 , thousands of artefacts have been recovered and put on display at museums around the world .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Pawel Tomasz Wasilewski  ( born July 23 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Paul Wesley , is an American actor , director , and producer .
The country is officially bilingual at the federal level .
At the beginning of her career , Gaga became known for her unconventionality and provocative work .
Comprising a land area of 1648195 km2 , it is the second-largest country in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world .
Popstar : Never Stop Never Stopping is a 2016 American mockumentary film directed by Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone and written , produced by and starring Andy Samberg , Schaffer and Taccone .
The Lamniformes  ( from the Greek word , Lamna `` fish of prey '' )  are an order of sharks commonly known as mackerel sharks  ( which may also refer specifically to the family Lamnidae )  .
In 2015 , Ranaut portrayed a dual role in Tanu Weds Manu Returns , the most successful Bollywood film featuring a female protagonist , for which she won a Filmfare Critics Award and a second consecutive National Film Award for Best Actress .
Donald McKinley Glover  (  [ ˈɡlʌvər ]  born September 25 , 1983 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , comedian , rapper , singer , and songwriter .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
Ricin  (  [ ˈraɪsɪn ]  )  is a highly toxic , naturally occurring lectin  ( a carbohydrate-binding protein )  produced in the seeds of the castor oil plant , Ricinus communis .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
It is the sequel to the 2014 film Divergent and the second installment in The Divergent Series , produced by Lucy Fisher , Pouya Shabazian and Douglas Wick , with a screenplay by Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
Sir Robert Bryson Hall II  ( born January 22 , 1990 )  , known by his stage name Logic , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer .
Sherman-Palladino , her husband Daniel Palladino , David S. Rosenthal , and Gavin Polone served as the executive producers .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
The song peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States , where it was certified Gold for 500,000 units shipped .
Benjamin Franklin , an associate of Galloway , was also a partner with the Chronicle .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles .
He has been one of the highest-paid athletes in the world for several years .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
Joshua Michael Homme  (  [ ˈhɒm.i ]  ; born May 17 , 1973 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta  ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ;  [ aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu ]  ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 )  , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary .
In 2014 , Evans made his directorial debut with the drama film Before We Go , in which he also starred .
William Jennings Bryan  ( March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 )  was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's nominee for President of the United States  ( 1896 , 1900 , and 1908 )  .
Richard III  ( 2 October 1452 -- 22 August 1485 )  was King of England from 1483 until his death in 1485 , at the age of 32 , in the Battle of Bosworth Field .
While the brown bear 's range has shrunk and it has faced local extinctions , it remains listed as a least concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  ( IUCN )  with a total population of approximately 200,000 .
Originally an alternative hip hop group , they subsequently changed their musical sound to pop and dance-pop music .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
presented by K. Balachander and produced by Pushpa Kandasamy under banner Kavithalayaa Productions .
The series follows Detective Robin Griffin  ( Elisabeth Moss )  , and Season 1 deals with the investigation of the disappearance of a pregnant 12-year-old girl in New Zealand .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
Levesque is the Executive Vice President of Talent , Live Events and Creative for WWE , as well as being the founder and senior producer of NXT and the creator of the NXT television series .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1984 .
Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher , it contained many of Bochco 's trademark features including an ensemble cast , large number of parallel storylines , social drama , and off-the-wall humor .
Lions are unusually social compared to other cats .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
As a model , she has been featured in the magazines Teen Vogue and Seventeen .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
Duvall has starred in numerous films and television series , including To Kill a Mockingbird  ( 1962 )  , The Twilight Zone  ( 1963 )  , The Outer Limits  ( 1964 )  , Bullitt  ( 1968 )  , True Grit  ( 1969 )  , MASH  ( 1970 )  , THX 1138  ( 1971 )  , Joe Kidd  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather Part II  ( 1974 )  , The Conversation  ( 1974 )  , Network  ( 1976 )  , Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  , The Great Santini  ( 1979 )  , Lonesome Dove  ( 1989 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Rambling Rose  ( 1991 )  , and Falling Down  ( 1993 )  .
Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .
On May 15 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series for a 13-episode third season , which premiered with back-to-back episodes on May 31 , 2017 .
Matthew David McConaughey  (  [ məˈkɒnəheɪ ]  born November 4 , 1969 )  is an American actor .
The country is host to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and five international courts : the Permanent Court of Arbitration , the International Court of Justice , the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Criminal Court and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon .
Dhoom 3  (  [ - hnsˈd̪ʱuːm 3 ]  , English : Blast 3 or Boom 3 , also abbreviated and known as D :3 and D3 )  is a 2013 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya and produced by Aditya Chopra .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
Love continued to work as an actress into the early 2000s , appearing in big-budget pictures such as Man on the Moon  ( 1999 )  and Trapped  ( 2002 )  , before releasing her first solo album , America 's Sweetheart , in 2004 .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
The series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends , who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord 's war against the other three nations .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
Her debut solo album She 's So Unusual  ( 1983 )  was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the Billboard Hot 100 -- `` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' , `` Time After Time '' , `` She Bop '' , and `` All Through the Night '' -- and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985 .
The country is host to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and five international courts : the Permanent Court of Arbitration , the International Court of Justice , the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , the International Criminal Court and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
The series is told primarily from Bella 's point of view , with the epilogue of Eclipse and Part II of Breaking Dawn being told from the viewpoint of character Jacob Black , a werewolf .
Jason Kent Bateman  ( born January 14 , 1969 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
Starring James Stewart , John Dall and Farley Granger , this is the first of Hitchcock 's Technicolor films , and is notable for taking place in real time and being edited so as to appear as a single continuous shot through the use of long takes .
In January 2015 , Tennant received the National Television Award for Special Recognition .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier premiered in Los Angeles on March 13 , 2014 .
Little Mix released their third studio album Get Weird in 2015 and it is their best-selling and longest charting album to date in the UK .
Born and raised in London , he excelled on stage at the National Youth Theatre , before being accepted at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School , which he attended for three years .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future  ( the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' )  , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .
The film stars Angelina Jolie as Gia and Faye Dunaway as Wilhelmina Cooper , with Mercedes Ruehl and Elizabeth Mitchell .
Developed by Ronald D. Moore and produced by Sony Pictures Television and Left Bank Pictures for Starz , the show premiered on August 9 , 2014 .
The New York Times has won 122 Pulitzer Prizes , more than any other newspaper .
Muslims believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed many times before through prophets including Adam , Abraham , Moses , and Jesus .
Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn , released on October 15 , 1996 through both Immortal Records and Epic Records .
Denis Colin Leary  ( born August 18 , 1957 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , singer and comedian .
The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans , Mark Ruffalo , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Jeremy Renner , Tom Hiddleston , Clark Gregg , Cobie Smulders , Stellan Skarsgård , and Samuel L. Jackson .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Phantoms is a 1998 American science fiction horror film adapted from Dean Koontz 's 1983 novel of the same name .
It is a social science that uses various methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about social order , disorder , and change .
The film is an adaptation of the Book of Exodus and follows the life of Moses from being a prince of Egypt to his ultimate destiny to lead the children of Israel out of Egypt .
In the 2010s , he has starred in Mr. Popper 's Penguins  ( 2011 )  and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone  ( 2013 )  .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
Before his reign , Philip occupied an exalted place in the royal family of France as a grandson of King Louis XIV .
He released his debut album , Show and Prove , in 2006 , and signed to Warner Bros. .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
Grace Avery VanderWaal  ( born January 15 , 2004 )  is an American singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York .
Steven Patrick Morrissey  ( born 22 May 1959 )  , professionally known as Morrissey , is an English singer , songwriter and author .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
Bob Dylan  (  [ ˈdɪlən ]  born Robert Allen Zimmerman ; May 24 , 1941 )  is an American poetic songwriter , singer , painter , writer , and Nobel prize laureate .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards at the 68th Academy Awards and won five : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Cinematography , Best Makeup , and Best Sound Editing .
The film is directed by James Mangold and stars Meg Ryan , Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber .
Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks .
Chester Charles Bennington  ( born March 20 , 1976 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
Equidae  ( sometimes known as the horse family )  is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Kuala Lumpur  (  [ ˈkwɑːlə ˈlʊmpʊə ]  or  [ - pər ]   [ ˈkwalə ˈlumpʊr ]  )  , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city .
Bats are mammals of the order Chiroptera  (  [ kaɪˈrɒptərə ]  from the χείρ - cheir , `` hand '' and πτερόν - pteron , `` wing '' )  whose forelimbs form webbed wings , making them the only mammals naturally capable of true and sustained flight .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
Russell Ira Crowe  ( born 7 April 1964 )  is an actor , film producer and musician .
The result was a story about a boy who follows clues from his grandfather 's old photographs which lead him on an adventure that takes him to a large abandoned orphanage on Cairnholm , a Welsh island .
Diane Ruggiero-Wright  [ ˈruːʒɪəroʊ ]  is an American television writer and producer .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ , who serves as the focal point for the religion .
Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years .
It is also the capital city of the Eṛṛbaṭ-Sla-Qniṭra administrative region .
Since releasing his first hit song , `` Piano Man '' , in 1973 , Joel has become the sixth best-selling recording artist and the third best-selling solo artist in the United States .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
French is an official language in 29 countries , most of which are members of la francophonie , the community of French-speaking countries .
With his brothers , Robin and Maurice Gibb , he formed a songwriting partnership beginning in 1966 .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
In 2016 , following her contribution to several side projects during the early part of her career , Tiffany became the second Girls ' Generation member to release a solo debut album , I Just Wan na Dance .
He has received numerous such awards as the AMAs , Grammys , ACMs and CMAs , as well as a lifetime achievement award for a career spanning six decades in 2003 .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
His performance as a drug-addicted teacher in Half Nelson  ( 2006 )  was nominated for an Academy Award and his performance as a socially inept loner in Lars and the Real Girl  ( 2007 )  was nominated for a Golden Globe Award .
Koepp has directed six films over the course of his career : The Trigger Effect  ( 1996 )  , Stir of Echoes  ( 1999 )  , Secret Window  ( 2004 )  , Ghost Town  ( 2008 )  , Premium Rush  ( 2012 )  , and Mortdecai  ( 2015 )  .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
In the early 1980s , Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music .
Freud lived and worked in Vienna , having set up his clinical practice there in 1886 .
Chakraborty is best remembered for his role as Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer which was a superhit in India and also in many other countries in the world , especially Russia .
In Norse mythology , Loki  ( Anglicized  (  [ ˈloʊki ]  )  )  , Loptr , or Hveðrungr is a god or jötunn  ( or both )  .
Guardians of the Galaxy  ( retroactively referred to as Guardians of the Galaxy Vol .
Patrick Joseph Wilson  ( born July 3 , 1973 )  is an American actor and singer .
Captain America is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Ranganathan Madhavan  ( born 1 June 1970 )  is an Indian actor , writer and film producer .
Gunday  ( English : Outlaws )  is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Aditya Chopra .
A dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire-spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
His portrayal of Dicky Eklund in the David O. Russell-directed biographical film The Fighter  ( 2010 )  , earned him critical acclaim and a number of awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
It stars Jennifer Lopez , Ralph Fiennes , and Natasha Richardson .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
The Bible  ( from Koine Greek τὰ βιβλία , tà biblía , `` the books '' )  is a collection of sacred texts or scriptures that Jews and Christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration and a record of the relationship between God and humans .
North Korea , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  ( DPRK )  , is a country in East Asia constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula .
The House of Lusignan  (  [ ˈluːzᵻnjɒn ]  )  was a royal house of French origin , which ruled much of Europe and the Levant , including the kingdoms of Jerusalem , Cyprus , and Armenia , from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages .
is a Japanese animation studio and production enterprise .
Teen Wolf premiered on June 5 , 2011 , following the 2011 MTV Movie Awards .
In the mid-2000s , Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films , by appearing in supporting roles in three highly successful productions , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Rang De Basanti  ( 2006 )  , Mani Ratnam 's biopic Guru  ( 2007 )  and Rajkumar Hirani 's 3 Idiots  ( 2009 )  , which went on to become the highest grossing Indian film of all time upon release .
He hates and fears his two ex-wives , both named Tammy , one of whom is played by Offerman 's real-life wife , Megan Mullally .
The following year , he further confounded musical expectations with the electronic-inflected album Low  ( 1977 )  , the first of three collaborations with Brian Eno that would come to be known as the `` Berlin Trilogy '' .
It was located in Achaea , northern Peloponnesos , two kilometres  ( 12 stadia )  from the Corinthian Gulf and near the city of Boura , which , like Helike , was a member of the Achaean League .
Starring Catherine Zeta-Jones , Aaron Eckhart and Abigail Breslin , the screenplay by Carol Fuchs is an adaptation of an original script by Sandra Nettelbeck , which served as the basis for the 2001 German film Mostly Martha , and revolves around a hard-edged chef whose life is turned upside down when she decides to take in her young niece following a tragic accident that killed her sister .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
The 33rd-largest known body in the Solar System , it is the only dwarf planet within the orbit of Neptune.Due to its eccentric orbit , the dwarf planet Pluto was also within the orbit of Neptune from 1979 to 1999 , and will be again from approximately 2227 to 2247 .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation .
Minaj 's first and second studio albums , Pink Friday  ( 2010 )  and Pink Friday : Roman Reloaded  ( 2012 )  , both peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the successful singles `` Super Bass '' and `` Starships '' , respectively .
Beautiful People was a British comedy drama television series based on the memoirs of Barneys creative director Simon Doonan .
Jazz Jennings  ( born )  is an American YouTube personality , spokesmodel , television personality and LGBTQ rights activist .
Bal Gangadhar Tilak  ( or Lokmanya Tilak , ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920 )  , born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak , was an Indian nationalist , teacher , social reformer , lawyer and an independence activist .
John Dennis Hastert  (  [ ˈhæstərt ]  born January 2 , 1942 )  is an American former congressman who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007 , representing from 1987 to 2007 .
He is best known for his roles as Joseph `` Jody '' Summers in Baby Boy , Roman Pearce in the Fast and the Furious series and Robert Epps in the Transformers film series .
Anil Kapoor  ( born 24 December 1956 )  is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films , as well as international films and television series .
Other animals tend to keep their distance from elephants while predators , such as lions , tigers , hyenas , and any wild dogs , usually target only young elephants  ( or `` calves '' )  .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Gaga rose to prominence with the release of her successful debut album The Fame  ( 2008 )  and its international chart-topping singles `` Just Dance '' and `` Poker Face '' .
Southern California , often abbreviated as SoCal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises California 's 10 southernmost counties .
He is the first black superhero in mainstream American comics , debuting years before such early African-American superheroes as Marvel Comics ' the Falcon  ( 1969 )  and Luke Cage  ( 1972 )  , and DC Comics ' Green Lantern John Stewart  ( 1971 )  and Black Lightning  ( 1977 )  .
Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States .
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created and designed by Swedish game designer Markus `` Notch '' Persson , and later fully developed and published by Mojang .
She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band , on local radio shows with her siblings , and at rodeos .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
Escape from Planet Earth is a 2013 Canadian-American 3D computer animated science fiction-comedy film produced by Rainmaker Entertainment and distributed by The Weinstein Company in the United States and Alliance Films in Canada , directed by Cal Brunker which he co-wrote with Bob Barlen , and starring the voices of Rob Corddry , Brendan Fraser , Sarah Jessica Parker , William Shatner , Jessica Alba , Craig Robinson , George Lopez , Jane Lynch and Sofía Vergara .
Betty Lynn Buckley  ( born July 3 , 1947 )  is an American stage , film and television actress , and singer .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
Antarctica  ( UK English  [ ænˈtɑːktɪkə ]  or  [ ænˈtɑːtɪkə ]  , US English  [ æntˈɑːrktɪkə ]  )  is Earth 's southernmost continent .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
Production began in 1991 concurrently with Pocahontas , which wound up attracting most of Disney 's top animators .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons .
He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .
The following years saw several conflicts with its neighbours , which prompted Bulgaria to align with Germany in both world wars .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
Justin Randall Timberlake  ( born January 31 , 1981 )  is an American singer-songwriter , actor and record producer .
It was also the first NBA Finals broadcast by NBC after 17 years with CBS .
He is best known for being the writer and composer , with Jim Jacobs , of the stage and film musical Grease .
Prior to marrying Paul , she was a professional photographer of celebrities and contemporary musicians , with her work published in music industry magazines .
Big Bang  ( Korean : 빅뱅 )  is a South Korean boy band formed by YG Entertainment .
Horseshoe Falls , also known as Canadian Falls , is one of three waterfalls which collectively form Niagara Falls on the Niagara River along the Canada-US Border .
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
Its major cities include Hyderabad , Warangal , Khammam , Karimnagar and Nizamabad .
Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway .
Created by artist Steve Ditko and writer Stan Lee , the character first appeared in Strange Tales # 110  ( cover-dated July 1963 )  .
A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .
She is known for human rights advocacy , especially education of women in her native Swat Valley in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , northwest Pakistan , where the local Taliban had at times banned girls from attending school .
The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .
From 1999 to 2002 , Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans on the television series Roswell .
Taiwan  (  [ taɪˈwɑːn ]  )  , officially the Republic of China  ( ROC )  , is a state in East Asia .
The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Sweden maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
This was later surpassed by her second studio effort , Revival  ( 2015 )  , which sold 117,000 units in its first week .
Halle Maria Berry  ( born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 )  is an American actress .
It stars Corey Haim , Corey Feldman , Heather Graham , Carol Kane , Richard Masur , Michael Manasseri and Nina Siemaszko .
The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem , where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games , a televised annual event in which the `` tributes '' are required to fight to the death until there is only one survivor .
Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` Més que un club ''  ( `` More than a club '' )  .
The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins .
In 2016 , AWS comprised more than 70 services spanning a wide range including compute , storage , networking , database , analytics , application services , deployment , management , mobile , developer tools , and tools for the Internet of Things .
Bermuda  (  [ pronbərˈmjuːdə ]  )  is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean .
Major League Soccer  ( MLS )  is a men 's professional soccer league , sanctioned by U.S. Soccer , that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada .
By the end of 1990 , the Soviet Union had the world 's second largest economy , largest standing military in the world and the largest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction .
After training under the theatre director Arvind Gaur , Ranaut made her feature film debut in the 2006 thriller Gangster , for which she was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
He is best known for his pioneering work in rock , ambient , pop , and electronic music .
My Everything is the second studio album by American singer Ariana Grande , released on August 25 , 2014 by Republic Records .
Luxo Jr. is a 1986 American computer-animated short film produced by Pixar and directed by John Lasseter .
He has also starred in films , such as The Hangover trilogy  ( 2009 -- 2013 )  , Due Date  ( 2010 )  , The Campaign  ( 2012 )  , Birdman or  ( The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance )   ( 2014 )  , Puss in Boots  ( 2011 )  , Masterminds  ( 2016 )  and The Lego Batman Movie  ( 2017 )  .
Intimacy is a 2001 British film directed by Patrice Chéreau , starring Mark Rylance and Kerry Fox .
Sister Act is a 1992 American musical comedy film directed by Emile Ardolino and written by Joseph Howard .
Blending psychological horror with film noir , the film stars Kyle MacLachlan , Isabella Rossellini , Dennis Hopper and Laura Dern .
Evonne Goolagong Cawley AO , MBE  ( born 31 July 1951 )  is an Australian former World No. 1 tennis player .
Paris hosts the annual French Open Grand Slam tennis tournament on the red clay of Roland Garros .
The four original 1215 charters were displayed together at the British Library for one day , 3 February 2015 , to mark the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta .
Montreal  (  [ audio = Montreal-English-pronunciation .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Parting Glances is an American film shot in 1984 and released in 1986 .
On television , he is best known for his work on Saturday Night Live , where he anchored Weekend Update , on MTV 's 1980s game show Remote Control , where he served as the announcer/sidekick , and as host of Comedy Central 's late-night panel show Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn .
Reba Nell McEntire  ( born March 28 , 1955 )  is an American country singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Nerruku Ner  ( Face to Face )  is a 1997 Tamil dramatic thriller film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam .
Jacqueline Lee Kennedy Onassis  ( née Bouvier ;  [ ˈbuːvieɪ ]  July 28 , 1929 -- May 19 , 1994 )  was the wife of the 35th President of the United States , John F. Kennedy , and First Lady of the United States from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
She has appeared in numerous science fiction and action films , leading the music channel VH1 to deem her the `` reigning queen of kick-butt '' in 2006 .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
Belgium  (  [ ˈbɛldʒəm ]  België  [ ˈbɛlɣijə ]  ; Belgique  [ bɛlʒik ]  ; Belgien  [ ˈbɛlɡi̯ən ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea .
A programmer , computer programmer , developer , dev , coder , or software engineer is a person who creates computer software .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
The Bends  ( stylised as the bends )  is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 13 March 1995 by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom and by Capitol Records in the United States .
He is known for playing Kane Jenkins in the New Zealand prime-time soap opera Shortland Street .
Although largely seen as a B-list star during this period , her appearance in the film The Manchurian Candidate  ( 1962 )  received widespread acclaim and is cited as being one of her finest performances .
William James `` Count '' Basie  ( August 21 , 1904 -- April 26 , 1984 )  was an American jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer .
Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy film which takes its title from the autobiographical book of the same name by Frank B. Gilbreth , Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey , but despite the title and the concept of a family with twelve children , ranging from 5 year old Nigel & Kyle to 22 year old Nora , the film bears no resemblance to the book nor its original film adaptation , although it is mentioned that the mother 's maiden name is Gilbreth .
Harley Quinn  ( Harleen Frances Quinzel )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
King often represented the United States in the Federation Cup and the Wightman Cup .
The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa , with modern wolves not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Denis Colin Leary  ( born August 18 , 1957 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , singer and comedian .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Lindsay Dee Lohan  ( born July 2 , 1986 )  is an American actress and singer .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  )  , also described as the Republic of Ireland  ( Poblacht na hÉireann )  , is a sovereign state in north-western Europe occupying 26 of 32 counties of the island of Ireland .
Minneapolis  (  [ mɪniˈæpəlɪs ]  )  is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
She began her career in 1990s , appearing on television sitcoms , before landing supporting roles in teen comedy films She 's All That and 10 Things I Hate About You  ( 1999 )  .
The film also won five National Awards and a further ten Filmfare Awards , tied with Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge with the most Filmfare Awards any film had won at the time  ( later beaten in 2005 by Bhansali 's Black )  .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Elvis Aaron Presley  ( January 8 , 1935 -- August 16 , 1977 )  was an American singer-songwriter and actor .
Legion is a 2010 American apocalyptic supernatural action horror film directed by Scott Stewart and co-written by Stewart and Peter Schink .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
She ventured into movies with Smokey and the Bandit  ( 1977 )  and later Norma Rae  ( 1979 )  , for which she received the Academy Award for Best Actress .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's novel Devdas .
Prometheus  (  [ prəˈmiːθiəs ]  )  is a 2012 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , Guy Pearce , Idris Elba , Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron .
A mole is a massive structure , usually of stone , used as a pier , breakwater , or a causeway between places separated by water .
In December 2016 , Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World 's Most Powerful People .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
The film stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds , Betty White , Mary Steenburgen and Craig T. Nelson .
The series was created by Jonathan E. Steinberg and Robert Levine for Starz .
Pearce stars as a man who , as a result of a past trauma , suffers from anterograde amnesia , the inability to form new memories and suffers short-term memory loss approximately every five minutes .
Steven Allan Spielberg , ,  ( born December 18 , 1946 )  is an American director , producer , and screenwriter .
Roosevelt was born in 1882 to an old , prominent Dutch family from Dutchess County , New York and attended Groton School .
Buddhism  (  [ pronˈbʊdɪzəm ]  or  [ ˈbuːdɪzəm ]  )  is an Indian religion and dharma that encompasses a variety of traditions , beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to the Buddha .
Seville  (  [ səˈvɪl ]  Sevilla  [ seˈβiʎa ]  ,  [ seˈβi ʝa ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville , Spain .
The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
xXx : Return of Xander Cage  ( released as xXx : Reactivated in some countries )  is a 2017 American action film directed by D. J. Caruso and written by F. Scott Frazier .
It originally aired for eight seasons on ABC , from October 3 , 2004 to May 13 , 2012 .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
The airline along with its subsidiaries and regional affiliates operate over 5,400 flights daily and serve an extensive domestic and international network that includes 319 destinations in 54 countries on six continents , as of October 2016 .
Following appearances in several television commercials , she entered the Miss India pageant , in which she placed second .
He was ranked as the greatest athlete of the 20th century by Sports Illustrated , the Sports Personality of the Century by the BBC , and the third greatest athlete of the 20th century by ESPN SportsCentury .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Kaitlin Willow Olson  ( born August 18 , 1975 )  is an American actress and comedian .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
Same-sex marriage , also known as gay marriage , is marriage between people of the same sex , either as a secular civil ceremony or in a religious setting .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
Because of its financial power and diversity in its heyday , Lebanon was referred to as the `` Switzerland of the East '' during the 1960s , and its capital , Beirut , attracted so many tourists that it was known as `` the Paris of the Middle East '' .
The town lends its name to the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
The films star Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson , and Taylor Lautner .
A sequel to Velaiilla Pattadhari  ( 2014 )  , the film has Dhanush , Amala Paul , Saranya Ponvannan and Samuthirakani returning from the first film , other cast including Kajol .
Opponents of the law have criticized its authorization of indefinite detentions of immigrants ; the permission given law enforcement officers to search a home or business without the owner 's or the occupant 's consent or knowledge ; the expanded use of National Security Letters , which allows the Federal Bureau of Investigation  ( FBI )  to search telephone , e-mail , and financial records without a court order ; and the expanded access of law enforcement agencies to business records , including library and financial records .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
She has also appeared in other theatre and television roles , and has lent her voice to animated television and films .
Keeping the Faith is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Stuart Blumberg , and starring Ben Stiller , Edward Norton  ( in his directorial debut )  , Jenna Elfman , Eli Wallach , and Anne Bancroft .
The film was released on VHS and DVD on November 12 , 2002 and was later released on Blu-ray on September 16 , 2011 .
Mukesh Dhirubhai Ambani  ( born 19 April 1957 )  is an Indian business magnate who is the chairman , managing director and largest shareholder of Reliance Industries Limited  ( RIL )  , a Fortune Global 500 company and India 's second-most valuable company by market value .
In 2013 , Joel received the Kennedy Center Honors , the nation 's highest honor for influencing American culture through the arts .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
On August 16 , 1977 , he sustained a heart attack in the bathroom of his Graceland estate , and died as a result .
Chastain made her film debut in the drama Jolene  ( 2008 )  , and gained wide recognition in 2011 for starring roles in half a dozen films , including the dramas Take Shelter and The Tree of Life .
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million , which sold 3 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He is the founder and only continuous member of the rock band Queens of the Stone Age , in which he sings and plays guitar , as well as occasionally playing piano , drums , and bass .
The Punisher  ( Francis `` Frank '' Castle )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
Warren Casey  ( April 20 , 1935 -- November 8 , 1988 )  was an American theatre composer , lyricist , writer , and actor .
His career began on the Off-Broadway stage and then in television in the 1980s , most notably as David Addison in Moonlighting  ( 1985 -- 1989 )  .
Over the years the band has had various line-ups , the only constant being vocalist Tyla .
Guinevere  (  [ ˈɡwɪnᵻvɪər ]  Gwenhwyfar Gwenivar )  , often written as Guenevere or Gwenevere , is , in Arthurian legend , the wife of King Arthur .
Tequila  ( Spanish )  is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands  ( Los Altos )  of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco .
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .
Created by artist/writer Rob Liefeld and writer Fabian Nicieza , the character first appeared in The New Mutants # 98  ( cover-dated February 1991 )  .
Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children .
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Ryder specializes in fleet management , supply chain management and dedicated contracted carriage .
`` Diamonds '' is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album , Unapologetic  ( 2012 )  .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
In March 2012 , he was listed by Forbes magazine as one of the richest Russians with an estimated fortune of $ 1.1 billion .
The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory .
He appeared in such films as the slasher Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The Next Generation  ( 1994 )  , the legal thriller A Time to Kill  ( 1996 )  , Steven Spielberg 's historical drama Amistad  ( 1997 )  , the science fiction drama Contact  ( 1997 )  , the comedy EDtv  ( 1999 )  , and the war film U-571  ( 2000 )  .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins , Sons and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company on 19 June 1926 .
By April 1997 he had already won his first major , the 1997 Masters .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
The Wire is an American crime drama television series set and produced in Baltimore , Maryland .
Paper Moon is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and released by Paramount Pictures .
Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns  ( 2015 )  , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad  ( 2016 )  .
Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens )  is a 2015 American epic space opera film directed , co-produced , and co-written by J. J. Abrams .
The Pennsylvania Chronicle and Universal Advertiser was an American colonial newspaper founded in 1767 that was published in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , prior to the American Revolution and was founded by William Goddard and his business partners Joseph Galloway and Thomas Wharton .
Winnipeg  (  [ ˈwɪnɪpɛɡ ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada .
Kazakhstan  (  [ USkæzækˈstæn ,   ˌkɑːzɑːkˈstɑːn ]  ,  [ ˌkæzəkˈstɑːn ,   - ˈstæn ]  Қазақстан , tr .
Mediterranean cuisine represents the foods and methods of preparation by people of the Mediterranean Basin region , primarily as it pertains to Southern Europe .
The production company makes TV shows like truTV 's Billy on the Street , Comedy Central 's @midnight , and Zach Galifianakis 's popular Emmy-winning web series Between Two Ferns .
Willie Hugh Nelson  ( born April 29 , 1933 )  is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist .
It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .
She has also received many award nominations for her acting in theatre , film and television ; her competitive awards include six British Academy Film Awards , four BAFTA TV Awards , seven Olivier Awards , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , two Golden Globes , and a Tony Award .
Some of the most popular mainstream Linux distributions are Arch Linux , CentOS , Debian , Fedora , Gentoo Linux , Linux Mint , Mageia , openSUSE and Ubuntu , together with commercial distributions such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server .
Short Term 12 is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Destin Daniel Cretton .
The duo achieved significant popularity in the late 1990s as part of the French house movement and had continuous success in the years following , combining elements of house music with funk , techno , disco , rock music and synthpop influences .
Saint Peter  ( Syriac/Aramaic : ܫܸܡܥܘܿܢ ܟܹ݁ܐܦ݂ܵܐ , Shemayon Keppa , שמעון בר יונה , Πέτρος , according to the New Testament , was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ , leaders of the early Christian Great Church .
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang is a 1968 British musical adventure fantasy film directed by Ken Hughes and written by Roald Dahl and Hughes , loosely based on Ian Fleming 's 1964 novel Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang : The Magical Car .
He is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era , as well as being viewed as one of the most popular directors and producers in film history .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Since this time , Bradford has emerged as a tourist destination , becoming the first UNESCO City of Film with attractions such as the National Science and Media Museum , Bradford City Park , the Alhambra theatre and Cartwright Hall .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
He is most known for writing the screenplays for L.A. Confidential  ( for which he received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay )  , Mystic River , and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
Robert James Ritchie  ( born January 17 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Kid Rock , is an American singer , rapper , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor .
Polanski 's Macbeth was screened out of competition at the 1972 Cannes Film Festival .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
He got his first Filmfare Award for Best Music Director in the 58th Filmfare Awards South for Anwar  ( 2010 )  .
He gained prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers/Cyclops in the X-Men film series and starred in 2006 's Superman Returns .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
Corporal Eugene `` Flash '' Thompson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
Whiplash is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle , depicting the relationship between an ambitious jazz student  ( Miles Teller )  and an aggressive instructor  ( J. K. Simmons )  .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet .
Emily Olivia Leah Blunt  ( born 23 February 1983 )  is a British film and stage actress .
Maynard James Keenan  ( born James Herbert Keenan ; April 17 , 1964 )  , often referred to by his initials MJK , is an American musician , record producer , winemaker , and actor , best known as the vocalist for Grammy Award-winning progressive metal band Tool .
His next record , Battle of the Sexes , was released in 2010 and featured the tone of his previous albums .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
He is best known for writing the screenplay for the 2012 film Argo , for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay .
19 Kids and Counting  ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting )  was an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years , until its cancellation in 2015 .
Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .
Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström  ( born 19 October 1983 )  , known professionally as Rebecca Ferguson , is a Swedish actress .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Minnesota 's standard of living index is among the highest in the United States , and the state is also among the best-educated and wealthiest in the nation .
It stars Brie Larson as a woman who has been held captive for seven years , and whose 5-year-old son  ( Jacob Tremblay )  was born in captivity .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
2001 : A Space Odyssey was financed and distributed by American studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , but it was filmed and edited almost entirely in England using the studio facilities of the MGM-British Studios and those of Shepperton Studios , mostly because of the availability of much larger sound stages than in the United States .
Star Trek  ( 2009 )  won for Best Makeup in 2010 , and four of the previous films were nominated mainly in the areas of makeup , music , set design and sound design .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
While often referred to as a comedian , Kaufman described himself instead as a `` song and dance man . ''
Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Since that time , most US space exploration efforts have been led by NASA , including the Apollo Moon landing missions , the Skylab space station , and later the Space Shuttle .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
Android has been the best-selling OS on tablets since 2013 , and runs on the vast majority of smartphones .
Laura Helene Prepon  ( born March 7 , 1980 )  is an American actress , producer , and author .
Welcome Back is an Indian action comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee and produced by Firoz Nadiadwala , released in 2015 .
He won several awards for his work on Family Guy , including two Primetime Emmy Awards and an Annie Award .
With over 100 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world , as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria .
Asia is Earth 's largest and most populous continent , located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe and shares the continental landmass of Afro-Eurasia with both Europe and Africa .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
American Horror Story is an American anthology horror television series created and produced by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk .
The novel is set in Airstrip One  ( formerly known as Great Britain )  , a province of the superstate Oceania in a world of perpetual war , omnipresent government surveillance , and public manipulation .
Trolls is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical romantic comedy adventure film based on the Troll dolls created by Thomas Dam .
It is based on the 1957 novel `` The Homecoming Game '' by Howard Nemerov , which was the basis of a successful 1959 Broadway play , called Tall Story , by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse .
He later went on to star in many other successful films where he appeared either in leading or supporting roles such as A Dry White Season  ( 1989 )  , JFK  ( 1991 )  , A Time to Kill  ( 1996 )  , Without Limits  ( 1998 )  , The Italian Job  ( 2003 )  , Cold Mountain  ( 2003 )  , Pride & Prejudice  ( 2005 )  , Aurora Borealis  ( 2006 )  and The Hunger Games franchise  ( 2012 -- 2015 )  .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Pratt achieved leading man status after starring in two commercially successful films in 2014 : computer-animated adventure comedy The Lego Movie and Marvel Studios superhero film Guardians of the Galaxy  ( in which he portrayed Star-Lord )  .
Tyrese Darnell Gibson  ( born December 30 , 1978 )  , also known mononymously as Tyrese , is an American Grammy-nominated singer , songwriter , actor , author , television producer , former fashion model and MTV VJ .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
He has written for American Dad !
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
In Islamic theology , God  (  [ الله , translit = Allah , Allāh ]  )  is the all-powerful and all-knowing creator , sustainer , ordainer and judge of everything in existence .
X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics .
Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed , produced and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Loving is a 2016 American historical drama film which tells the story of Richard and Mildred Loving , the plaintiffs in the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision Loving v. Virginia , which invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
She later appeared in the coming of age drama Mermaids  ( 1990 )  , earning a Golden Globe nomination , and in the same year appeared alongside Johnny Depp in Burton 's dark fairy-tale Edward Scissorhands  ( 1990 )  , and shortly thereafter with Keanu Reeves in Francis Ford Coppola 's gothic romance Bram Stoker 's Dracula  ( 1992 )  .
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Announced in May 2013 , it is the successor to Xbox 360 and the third console in the Xbox family .
During his tenure  ( primarily to promote his upcoming film Ready to Rumble )  , Arquette became a one-time WCW World Heavyweight Champion , an angle that has been cited as pivotal to the demise of WCW .
`` What a Girl Wants '' is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera , taken from her self-titled debut album  ( 1999 )  .
The town is popular as a place of pilgrimage for being the resting place or  ( Samadhi )  of the 13th century Marathi Bhakti saint , Sant Dnyaneshwar
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Tom Franco is the brother of actors James Franco and Dave Franco .
She holds the Mixed Doubles title at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships with Henri Kontinen .
The song serves as the lead single to the album , and was released worldwide on March 29 , 2007 through Def Jam Recordings .
Caryn Mandabach is an American television producer .
Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling  ( UPW )  and won the UPW Heavyweight Championship the following year .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
Two respected academic institutions , the University of Haifa and the Technion , are located in Haifa , in addition to the largest k-12 school in Israel , the Hebrew Reali School .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
Sir Michael Caine ,  (  [ keɪn ]  born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr. ; 14 March 1933 )  is an English actor and author .
Sorum is currently a member of the touring project , Kings of Chaos , and is a former member of both The Cult and Y Kant Tori Read .
He began acting in the 1970s , playing a supporting role in Looking for Mr. Goodbar and a starring role in Days of Heaven .
His books have sold more than 250 million copies worldwide .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
The species is distributed across much of northern Eurasia and North America .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
She made her film debut in the musical comedy Camp  ( 2003 )  .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action spy thriller film directed by David Leitch and written by Kurt Johnstad .
The film stars Daniel Kaluuya , Allison Williams , Lil Rel Howery , Bradley Whitford , Caleb Landry Jones , Stephen Root and Catherine Keener , and follows a young interracial couple who visit the mysterious estate of the woman 's parents .
He is the co-founder of Wikipedia , the online non-profit encyclopedia , and the for-profit web hosting company Wikia .
Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. Dortmund , commonly known as Borussia Dortmund  [ boˈʁʊsi̯aː ˈdɔʁtmʊnt ]  , BVB , or simply Dortmund , is a German sports club based in Dortmund , North Rhine-Westphalia  ( Borussia is the Latin equivalent of Prussia )  .
Donald Hugh `` Don '' Henley  ( born July 22 , 1947 )  is an American singer-songwriter , producer , and drummer , best known as a founding member of the Eagles before launching a successful solo career .
Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson  ( born January 3 , 1956 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He continued to co-write , including the songs `` Do n't Forget Where You Belong '' , `` Why Do n't We Go There '' and `` Story of My Life '' for the album Midnight Memories ; `` Night Changes '' , `` Fool 's Gold '' and `` Change Your Ticket '' for the album Four ; and `` Wolves '' , `` A.M. '' , `` Temporary Fix '' and `` Never Enough '' for the band 's fifth album Made in the A.M. .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
The only actors to appear in all iterations of the show so far are Evan Peters , Sarah Paulson and Lily Rabe .
Referred to as the `` Shahenshah of Bollywood '' , `` Star of the Millennium '' or `` Big B '' ,
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
Born and raised in Tennessee , he appeared on the television shows Star Search and The All-New Mickey Mouse Club as a child .
The series premiered in the United States on January 30 , 2013 on the cable network FX .
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson  ( born October 25 , 1984 )  , known professionally as Katy Perry , is an American singer and songwriter .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
Patricia Clarkson , Bob Balaban and Jenny Wade co-star , with Brían F. O'Byrne , Lily Rabe , and Zoe Kravitz -- appearing in her first feature film -- playing supporting roles .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
The plot focuses on a group of baby boomer college friends who reunite after 15 years when one of their old comrades , Alex , commits suicide without warning .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce , which uses concepts from the `` Extremis '' story arc by Warren Ellis .
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013 for Record of the Year .
As of 2007 , Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
The plant is grown as a cash crop in Argentina , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru , even in areas where its cultivation is unlawful .
Thailand  (  [ ˈtaɪlænd ]  or  [ ˈtaɪlənd ]  ;  [ : wikt : ประเทศไทย , ประเทศไทย ]  , ,  [ pra.tʰêːt tʰaj ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Thailand  (  [ : wikt : ราชอาณาจักรไทย , ราชอาณาจักรไทย ]  ,  [ râːt.t͡ɕʰa.ʔaː.naː.t͡ɕàk tʰaj ]  )  , formerly known as Siam  (  [ : wikt : สยาม , สยาม ]  ,  [ sa.jǎːm ]  )  , is a country at the centre of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
He is known for re-establishing the power of the Portuguese throne , reinvigorating the Portuguese economy , and renewing his country 's exploration of Africa and the Orient .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
In 2008 , she was named Newest Red Carpet Correspondent and One to Watch in 2008 .
Christopher Francis `` Frank '' Ocean  ( born Christopher Edwin Breaux ; October 28 , 1987 )  , is an American singer , songwriter , and rapper .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
He made his directorial debut with My Bodyguard  ( 1980 )  , and has since directed movies like Six Weeks  ( 1982 )  , Five Corners  ( 1987 )  , Crazy People  ( 1990 )  , and Flyboys  ( 2006 )  .
Interpersonal psychotherapy  ( IPT )  is a brief , attachment-focused psychotherapy that centers on resolving interpersonal problems and symptomatic recovery .
The direct sequel to 1983 's Return of the Jedi , The Force Awakens is the first installment of the Star Wars sequel trilogy , and stars Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Lupita Nyong ` o , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Anthony Daniels , Peter Mayhew , and Max von Sydow .
As the son of a United States Army chaplain , Groves lived at a number of Army posts during his childhood .
Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky .
The second season of the South Korean reality television competition show K-pop Star premiered on SBS on November 18 , 2012 , airing Sunday evenings at 4:55 pm KST as part of the Good Sunday lineup .
He is best known for directing the 2011 film Bridesmaids , featuring Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy and the 2016 film Ghostbusters also starring Wiig and McCarthy .
Barry Alan Crompton Gibb ,  ( born 1 September 1946 )  is a British singer , songwriter and record producer who rose to worldwide fame as a co-founder of the group Bee Gees , one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed groups in the history of popular music .
The Punisher  ( Francis `` Frank '' Castle )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
The United States of America  ( USA )  , commonly known as the United States  ( U.S. )  or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .
WeChat is a Chinese social media  ( instant messaging , commerce and payment services )  application developed by Tencent .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' .
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
Hearing loss , also known as hearing impairment , is a partial or total inability to hear .
Three of his early hits later won Grammy Hall of Fame Awards  ( 2000 , 2004 , 2008 )  , while Campbell himself won the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012 .
Elizabeth was born in London as the elder child of the Duke and Duchess of York , later King George VI and Queen Elizabeth , and she was educated privately at home .
`` Live Your Life '' is a song by American rapper T.I. , from his sixth studio album , Paper Trail  ( 2008 )  , and features Barbadian singer Rihanna .
Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin , the character first appeared in Iron Man # 55  ( February 1973 )  .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Seattle  (  [ siˈætəl ]  )  is a seaport city on the west coast of the United States and the seat of King County , Washington .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
In 1937 , while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  ( MGM )  , Hanna met Joseph Barbera .
He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss  ( 1971 )  and Fist of Fury  ( 1972 )  ; Golden Harvest 's Way of the Dragon  ( 1972 )  , directed and written by Lee ; Golden Harvest and Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon  ( 1973 )  and The Game of Death  ( 1978 )  , both directed by Robert Clouse .
While generally adhering to conservative principles , McCain at times has had a media reputation as a `` maverick '' for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe , portrayed by Demi Lovato , who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show , So Random !
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn .
iPhone  (  [ ˈaɪfoʊn ]  )  is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
YouTube is an American video-sharing website headquartered in San Bruno , California .
A Christian state is a country that recognizes a form of Christianity as its official religion and often has a state church , which is a Christian denomination that supports the government and is supported by the government .
It is the only Manhattan neighborhood on the mainland of North America .
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
Films such as Sallapam  ( 1996 )  , Ee Puzhayum Kadannu  ( 1997 )  , Punjabi House  ( 1998 )  , Udayapuram Sulthan  ( 1999 )  , and Chandranudikkunna Dikhil  ( 1999 )  established his status as a prominent actor during the late-1990s .
Guillaume Emmanuel `` Guy-Manuel '' de Homem-Christo  (  [ ɡi manɥɛl də ɔmɛm kʁisto ]  ; born 8 February 1974 )  is a French musician , record producer , singer , songwriter , DJ and film director , best known for being one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk , along with Thomas Bangalter .
Liberia  [ laɪˈbɪəriə ]  , officially the Republic of Liberia , is a country on the West African coast .
He directs , produces and appears in graphic , short , horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory .
Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell 's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector .
It is estimated that about a third of people develop shingles at some point in their life .
Transformers : Dark of the Moon is a 2011 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
Amaze Entertainment was a video game developer from the United States that developed over 100 games in its ten-year history  ( selling nearly 40 million units )  , for several video game platforms , with headquarters located in Kirkland , Washington .
He is best known as the creator and showrunner of the Netflix Original series BoJack Horseman .
He scored 21 goals in his first season in England , winning the Premier League and League Cup .
Captain America is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Kangana Ranaut  (  [ kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ]  ; born 23 March 1986 )  is an Indian film actress .
Kentucky Fried Chicken , more commonly known by its initials KFC , is an American fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
The 2016 Summer Olympics  ( Jogos Olímpicos de Verão de 2016 )  , officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and commonly known as Rio 2016 , was a major international multi-sport event held in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 5 August to 21 August 2016 .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
He is best known as the creator of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones franchises , as well as the founder of Lucasfilm and Industrial Light & Magic .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
It was originally reserved for samurai .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
Although it is set in Seattle at the fictional Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital  ( formerly Seattle Grace )  it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles , California .
She is known for her roles in the 1980s films Ferris Bueller 's Day Off  ( 1986 )  and Dirty Dancing  ( 1987 )  , for which Grey earned a Golden Globe Award nomination .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Joffrey Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
The film is directed by Bong Joon-ho , and written by Bong and Kelly Masterson .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
The name `` Melbourne '' refers to an urban agglomeration spanning 9900 km2 , which comprises the broader metropolitan area , as well as being the common name for its city centre .
A mixtape  ( also mix-tape or mix tape )  is a home-made compilation of music  ( typically copyrighted songs taken from other sources )  recorded in a specific order , traditionally onto a cassette tape , though later replaced by CD or MP3 playlist formats .
Lavigne has scored six number-one singles worldwide , including `` Complicated '' , `` Sk8er Boi '' , `` I 'm with You '' , `` My Happy Ending '' , `` Nobody 's Home '' , and `` Girlfriend '' .
Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by American rock band the Eagles , released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records .
Philadelphia is the birthplace of the United States Marine Corps , and is also the home of many U.S. firsts , including the first library  ( 1731 )  , first hospital  ( 1751 )  and medical school  ( 1765 )  , first Capital  ( 1777 )  , first stock exchange  ( 1790 )  , first zoo  ( 1874 )  , and first business school  ( 1881 )  .
It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe  ( MCU )  .
Kirk Douglas  ( born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 )  is an American actor , producer , director , and author .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Instant film is a type of photographic film introduced by Polaroid to be used in an instant camera  ( and , with accessory hardware , many other professional film cameras )  .
He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows ; since 2010 he has hosted Conan on the cable channel TBS .
Assange continued to deny the allegations , and expressed concern that he would be extradited from Sweden to the United States because of his perceived role in publishing secret American documents .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
Lynch was the initial writer and co-creator with Joss Whedon of Angel : After the Fall for IDW Publishing , and is best known for writing the screenplays for the films Puss in Boots and Minions .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
Naproxen  ( brand names : Aleve , Naprosyn , and many others )  is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug  ( NSAID )  of the propionic acid class  ( the same class as ibuprofen )  that relieves pain , fever , swelling , and stiffness .
The stratosphere  (  [ ˈstrætəˌsfɪər ,   - toʊ - ]  )  is the second major layer of Earth 's atmosphere , just above the troposphere , and below the mesosphere .
Lisa Valerie Kudrow  (  [ ` kuːdroʊ ]  born July 30 , 1963 )  is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer .
Henman played a serve-and-volley style of tennis .
With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 .
The first winner of the award was Englishman Jimmy Case .
The picture centers on the life and career of John Reed , the journalist and writer who chronicled the Russian Revolution in his book Ten Days That Shook the World .
She was later cast as Padmé Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( released in 1999 , 2002 and 2005 )  .
He is a four-time NBA All-Star , and a four-time NBA All-Defensive Team member .
Venice  (  [ langˈvɛnɪs ]  ; Venezia  [ veˈnɛtsja ]  ; Venesia  [ - vecveˈnɛsja ]  )  is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region .
She starred in How the West Was Won  ( 1963 )  , and The Unsinkable Molly Brown  ( 1964 )  , a biographical film about the famously boisterous Molly Brown .
Lisa Nicole Lopes  ( May 27 , 1971 -- April 25 , 2002 )  , better known by her stage name Left Eye , was an American hip hop singer , rapper , actress , songwriter and producer .
The film was a financial success , earning more than $ 263 million at the box office on a $ 90 million budget .
In 2014 , Del Rey released her third studio album , Ultraviolence ; it became her first number-one album in the United States .
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun .
Symptoms usually develop 10 -- 12 days after exposure to an infected person and last 7 -- 10 days .
In 2014 , he starred in the title role in Hedwig and the Angry Inch on Broadway , for which he won the 2014 Tony Award for Best Leading Actor in a Musical .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
Featuring musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman , the film stars Whoopi Goldberg as a Reno lounge singer who has been put under protective custody in a San Francisco convent of Poor Clares and has to pretend to be a nun when a mob boss puts her on his hit list .
Logan is a 2017 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Wolverine , produced by Marvel Entertainment , TSG Entertainment , and The Donners ' Company , and distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
The Lion King tells the story of Simba , a young lion who is to succeed his father , Mufasa , as King of the Pride Lands ; however , after Simba 's uncle Scar murders Mufasa , Simba is manipulated into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile .
She has appeared in several British and American films , and is known for roles such as Linda in The Pursuit of Happyness , Nyah Nordoff-Hall in Mission : Impossible 2 and Christine in Crash , for which she received a number of awards , including a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
He is a star high school football player who mercilessly bullies his high school classmate Peter Parker but greatly admires Spider-Man , an irony in which the superhero takes some gratification , though he and Peter become close friends in college .
The G1  ( Grade One )  Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion .
In 2012 , more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day , and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day .
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes  (  [ ˈfaɪnz ]  born 27 May 1970 )  is an English film and stage actor .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation , better known as SpaceX , is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company headquartered in Hawthorne , California .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Khaled Mohamed Khaled  ( born November 26 , 1975 )  , known professionally as DJ Khaled , is an American record producer , radio personality , DJ , record label executive , and author .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
Adapted from the 1997 short story of the same name by Annie Proulx , the screenplay was written by Ossana and Larry McMurtry .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year .
Arya Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
Nicolas Kim Coppola  ( born January 7 , 1964 )  , known professionally as Nicolas Cage , is an American actor and producer .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ,  (  [ kɾiʃ ` tjɐnu ʁuˈnaɫdu ]  , born 5 February 1985 )  is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team .
Line of Duty is a British police procedural television series created by Jed Mercurio that premiered on 26 June 2012 .
Ranbir Kapoor  (  [ rəˈɳbiːr kəˈpuːr ]  ; born 28 September 1982 )  is an Indian actor and producer .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
A native of Seattle , Washington , Wilson began acting in college at the University of Washington , and later worked in theatre in New York City after graduating in 1986 .
Shantel VanSanten  ( born July 25 , 1985 )  is an American model and actress .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
Antonio Lucio Vivaldi  (  [ anˈtɔːnjo ˈluːtʃo viˈvaldi ]  ; 4 March 1678 -- 28 July 1741 )  was an Italian Baroque composer , virtuoso violinist , teacher and cleric .
It is an island country consisting of a small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island , situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia , to which it is connected by the 25 km King Fahd Causeway .
Known as a magical order , the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was active in Great Britain and focused its practices on theurgy and spiritual development .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
Drax the Destroyer  ( Arthur Douglas )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Jawaharlal Nehru  (  [ ˈneɪruː ,   ˈnɛruː ]   [ ˈdʒəʋaːɦərˈlaːl ˈneːɦru ]  ; 14 November 1889 -- 27 May 1964 )  was the first Prime Minister of India and a central figure in Indian politics before and after independence .
The Dakota , also known as Dakota Apartments , is a cooperative apartment building located on the northwest corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City , United States .
Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
Martina Navratilova  ( Martina Navrátilová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈnavraːcɪlovaː ]  ; born Martina Šubertová  [ ˈmarcɪna ˈʃubɛrtovaː ]  ; October 18 , 1956 )  is a Czech and American retired tennis player and coach .
The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper .
Jimmy Donal `` Jimbo '' Wales  (  [ 'd ʒɪmi ˈdoʊnəl ˈweɪlz ]  born August 7 , 1966 in Huntsville , Alabama )  is an American Internet entrepreneur .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
She has had film roles in I Love You , Man  ( 2009 )  ; Our Idiot Brother  ( 2011 )  ; The Social Network  ( 2010 )  ; The Muppets  ( 2011 )  and Celeste and Jesse Forever  ( 2012 )  , for the last of which she also wrote the screenplay .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
In 2017 , Nanjiani starred in the romantic comedy film The Big Sick , which he wrote with his wife Emily V. Gordon .
The idea is derived from a `` sit-in '' , in which a group of protesters remains seated in front of an establishment until they are evicted , arrested , or their demands are met .
Neil Alden Armstrong  ( August 5 , 1930 -- August 25 , 2012 )  was an American astronaut and the first person to walk on the Moon .
Known in development by its codename NX , it was unveiled in October 2016 and was released worldwide on March 3 , 2017 .
Its design and sound input/output received significant praise , while a lack of interoperability between other Google Assistant-enabled devices was criticized .
Easy Virtue is a 2008 British romantic comedy film based on Noël Coward 's play of the same name .
Joy received a theatrical release on December 25 , 2015 , distributed by 20th Century Fox .
Zain Javadd `` Zayn '' Malik  (  [ 'm ælɪk ]  زین مالک )   ( born 12 January 1993 )  , who records mononymously as Zayn , is a British singer and songwriter .
Ruth Negga  (  [ ˈneɪgə ]  born 7 January 1982 )  is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters  ( 2004 )   ( also released as Trafficked in some countries )  , Isolation  ( 2005 )  , Breakfast on Pluto  ( 2005 )  and Warcraft  ( 2016 )  .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
The District is served by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , British Columbia Ambulance Service , and the District of North Vancouver Fire Department .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Cher  (  [ ˈʃɛər ]  born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 )  is an American singer and actress .
As of 2011 , Chaplin maintained homes in Miami , Florida , in the United States , and in Madrid , Spain , and Corsier-sur-Vevey , Switzerland .
In 2013 , TV Guide ranked Family Guy the ninth Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time .
Bryant was awarded the regular season 's Most Valuable Player Award  ( MVP )  in 2008 .
The film was originally shown at the 2016 Fantastic Fest and later at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival .
Zhou Enlai  ( ; 5 March 1898 -- 8 January 1976 )  was the first Premier of the People 's Republic of China , serving from October 1949 until his death in January 1976 .
Steven Knight  ( born 1959 )  is a British screenwriter and film director .
Oh Yeon-seo  ( born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 )  , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV .
`` The country of Bengal '' )  , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring , that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons from August 29 , 2005 to May 15 , 2009 , and a fifth season which premiered on April 4 , 2017 .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
A ministate or microstate is a sovereign state having a very small population or very small land area , and usually both .
Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role .
He came to international attention for his role as the Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator , directed by Ridley Scott , for which Crowe won an Academy Award for Best Actor , a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor , an Empire Award for Best Actor and a London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and 10 further nominations for best actor .
The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American horror film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca .
Muammar Mohammed Abu Minyar Gaddafi  (  [ ˈmoʊ.əmɑr   ɡəˈdɑːfi ]  ; 20 October 2011 )  , commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi , was a Libyan revolutionary , politician , and political theorist .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
The eight-episode first season of Legion premiered at the Pacific Design Center on January 26 , 2017 , ahead of its FX debut on February 8 .
The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision  ( color by Technicolor )  , and released by Paramount Pictures .
Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd AllāhFull name : Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim  ( ابو القاسم محمد ابن عبد الله ابن عبد المطلب ابن هاشم , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim )   ( محمد  [ muħammad ]  ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE )  is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims .
The screenplay is written by Moira Buffini based on the 1847 novel of the same name by Charlotte Brontë .
Ulysses S. Grant  ( born Hiram Ulysses Grant ; April 27 , 1822 -- July 23 , 1885 )  was the 18th President of the United States  ( 1869 -- 77 )  .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer .
His work is marked by lucid prose , awareness of social injustice , opposition to totalitarianism , and outspoken support of democratic socialism .
Boromir is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium .
Miroslava `` Mirka '' Federer  ( born Miroslava Vavrincová on 1 April 1978 , later Miroslava Vavrinec )  is a Slovak-born Swiss former professional tennis player .
The war drew in all the world 's economic great powers , assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies  ( based on the Triple Entente of the Russian Empire , the French Third Republic , and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland )  versus the Central Powers of Germany and Austria-Hungary .
The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird , produced by Pixar Animation Studios , and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Buzz Aldrin  ( born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. , January 20 , 1930 )  is an American engineer and former astronaut .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
For her performance as Ada McGrath in the 1993 film The Piano , she won the Academy Award for Best Actress , BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role , AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role , Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Drama , and the Cannes Best Actress Award .
Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife .
The first  ( 1642 -- 46 )  and second  ( 1648 -- 49 )  wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third  ( 1649 -- 51 )  saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament .
During her short solo career , Lopes scored two US top-ten singles with `` Not Tonight '' and `` U Know What 's Up '' , as well as one UK number-one single with `` Never Be the Same Again '' .
Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg , written by Matt Charman , Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks , Mark Rylance , Amy Ryan and Alan Alda .
Steven Paul Jobs  (  [ ˈdʒɒbz ]  February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 )  was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer .
Her first film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy , and in the early 1990s she frequently collaborated with her then husband , actor and director Kenneth Branagh .
The Bounty is a 1984 British historical drama film directed by Roger Donaldson , starring Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins , and produced by Bernard Williams with Dino De Laurentiis as executive producer .
An anime television adaptation produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G aired in Japan on MBS between April and September 2013 and a second season of the series premiered in April 2017 .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  ; born December 19 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
Nicholson 's 12 Academy Award nominations make him the most nominated male actor in the Academy 's history .
Liverpool Football Club  (  [ ˈlɪvərpuːl ]  )  is a professional association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001 , she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie  ( 2002 )   ( for which she received a Genie Award nomination )  , the comedy film My Name Is Tanino  ( 2002 )  , and the comedy series Slings and Arrows  ( for which she won a Gemini Award )  .
His other notable starring roles include former Texas Ranger Woodrow F. Call in the TV mini-series Lonesome Dove , Agent K in the Men in Black film series , Sheriff Ed Tom Bell in No Country for Old Men , the villain Two-Face in Batman Forever , terrorist William Strannix in Under Siege , a Texas Ranger in Man of the House , rancher Pete Perkins in The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada , which he directed , Colonel Chester Phillips in Captain America : The First Avenger , CIA Director Robert Dewey in Jason Bourne and Warden Dwight McClusky in Natural Born Killers .
Sarcoidosis was first described in 1877 by the English doctor Jonathan Hutchinson as a non painful skin disease .
Daddy Yankee 's album Barrio Fino made history when it became the top selling Latin music album of the decade between 2000-2009 .
He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards .
Shot in a mockumentary format , it follows the contestants in a beauty pageant called the Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant , held in the small fictional town of Mount Rose , Minnesota , in which various contestants die in suspicious ways .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
She has been nominated for 13 Emmy Awards for her work in television and is one of the few entertainers who have won an Emmy Award , a Grammy Award , an Oscar , and a Tony Award .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Such country music legends as Hank Williams , Patsy Cline , Marty Robbins , Roy Acuff , the Carter family , Bill Monroe , Ernest Tubb , Kitty Wells and Minnie Pearl became regulars on the Opry 's stage .
Matthew Ryan Phillippe  (  [ ˈfɪlᵻpi ]  born September 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
The song was serviced to mainstream radios on January 23 , 2007 and to Rhythmic radios on February 20 , 2007 in the United States , through A&M Records , together with will.i.am Music Group and Interscope Records .
The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .
The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation .
Stephen John Coogan  ( born 14 October 1965 )  is an Irish-English actor , stand-up comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
Egypt  (  [ ˈiːdʒɪpt ]  ; مِصر , مَصر , Kimi )  , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a transcontinental country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia by a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula .
He read English at University College London  ( UCL )  .
Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , that will play in the Premier League , the top tier of English football , after winning the Championship title in 2017 .
She is best known in her native United Kingdom for her role in the television comedy series Brass , and to international audiences as Mon Mothma in the Star Wars film Return of the Jedi .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
Silva holds the longest title streak in UFC history , which ended in 2013 after 2,457 days , with 16 consecutive wins and 10 title defenses .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy .
Los Angeles  (  [ lɒs ˈændʒəlᵻs ]  , Spanish for `` The Angels '' ;  [ los ˈaŋxeles ]  )  , officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A. , is the cultural , financial , and commercial center of Southern California .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The film stars Daniel Radcliffe , Toni Collette , Tracy Letts , Nestor Carbonell , and Sam Trammell .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
Leati Joseph `` Joe '' Anoaʻi  ( born May 25 , 1985 )  is an American professional wrestler , former professional Canadian football player and a member of the Anoaʻi family .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
Argo is a 2012 American historical drama film directed by Ben Affleck .
Meghan Marguerite McCain  ( born October 23 , 1984 )  is an American columnist , author , Fox News host and contributor , and blogger .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
Kiara Saulters  ( born May 24 , 1995 )  , known professionally as Kiiara , is an American singer and songwriter from Wilmington , Illinois .
Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
The state is the tenth largest by area , the least populous and the second least densely populated state in the country .
Despicable Me 3 is an upcoming American 3D computer-animated comedy film that is being produced by Illumination Entertainment and released by Universal Pictures .
Justinian I  (  [ dʒʌˈstɪniən ]  Flavius Petrus Sabbatius Iustinianus Augustus Φλάβιος Πέτρος Σαββάτιος Ἰουστινιανός Flávios Pétros Sabbátios Ioustinianós )   ( 482 14 November 565 )  , traditionally known as Justinian the Great and also Saint Justinian the Great in the Eastern Orthodox Church , was a Byzantine  ( East Roman )  emperor from 527 to 565 .
Colson Baker  ( born April 22 , 1990 )  , better known by his stage names MGK and Machine Gun Kelly , is an American rapper and actor , from Cleveland , Ohio .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
Charles I  ( 19 November 1600 -- 30 January 1649 )  was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
A third plane , American Airlines Flight 77 , was crashed into the Pentagon  ( the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense )  in Arlington County , Virginia , leading to a partial collapse of the building 's western side .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Her first film role was in the 1989 romantic comedy The Tall Guy , and in the early 1990s she frequently collaborated with her then husband , actor and director Kenneth Branagh .
John Constantine  (  [ ˈkɒnstəntaɪn ]  )  is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
Spencer Bonaventure Tracy  ( April 5 , 1900 -- June 10 , 1967 )  was an American actor , noted for his natural style and versatility .
Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre , such as acting , scenery , and costumes and sometimes includes dance .
He is known for his role as Tim `` The Toolman '' Taylor in the ABC television show Home Improvement  ( 1991 -- 1999 )  as well as for his starring roles in several films , including the role of Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story franchise .
Meghan Marguerite McCain  ( born October 23 , 1984 )  is an American columnist , author , Fox News host and contributor , and blogger .
Hitchcock directed more than fifty feature films in a career spanning six decades and is often regarded as one of the most influential directors in cinematic history .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
He was the 65th United States Secretary of State , serving under U.S. President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2005 , the first African American to serve in that position .
His 2011 album and first following his release , Tha Carter IV , sold 964,000 copies in its first week of availability in the United States .
The 2014 WTA Finals was a women 's tennis tournament in Singapore from October 17 to October 26 , 2014 , and was the 44th edition of the singles event and the 39th edition of the doubles competition .
Trained as a civil servant , he entered the country 's House of Representatives in 1943 for the True Whig Party , then the only established party in the country .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
He released 16 albums after that , including the platinum-selling Musicology  ( 2004 )  .
Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent  ( singles )  or between two teams of two players each  ( doubles )  .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
The tournament was held at the Singapore Indoor Stadium , and contested by eight singles players and eight doubles teams .
Aaliyah Dana Haughton  (  [ ɑ : ˈliːə ]  January 16 , 1979 -- August 25 , 2001 )  was an American singer , actress , and model .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
It was first released on August 27 , 2002 , by Immortal Records and distributed by Virgin Records .
The film also stars Amy Adams , Rooney Mara , and Olivia Wilde .
It has been represented by the Greek letter '' '' since the mid-18th century , though it is also sometimes spelled out as `` pi ''  (  [ paɪ ]  )  .
Robert Frederick Chelsea `` Bobby '' Moore OBE  ( 12 April 1941 -- 24 February 1993 )  was an English professional footballer .
Caitlyn Marie Jenner  ( born October 28 , 1949 )  , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
While the brown bear 's range has shrunk and it has faced local extinctions , it remains listed as a least concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  ( IUCN )  with a total population of approximately 200,000 .
It was released on November 10 , 2014 , by Island Records .
A cell is the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently , and cells are often called the `` building blocks of life '' .
The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 .
`` Another One Bites the Dust '' is a 1980 song by British rock band Queen .
A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations , the organization was established on 24 October 1945 after World War II in order to prevent another such conflict .
Tobias Vincent `` Tobey '' Maguire  ( born June 27 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
The show was first broadcast on the British Channel 4 , in 2011 .
He previously played for English clubs Arsenal , Manchester City , Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace , as well as French sides Metz and Monaco and Spanish team Real Madrid .
Luxembourg  [ ˈlətsəbuərx ]  Luxemburg )  , officially the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg , is a landlocked country in western Europe .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
It also occurs in nature as snow , glaciers , ice packs and icebergs , clouds , fog , dew , aquifers , and atmospheric humidity .
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr.  ( born August 3 , 1977 )  is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League  ( NFL )  .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
He completed one year of an engineering program at Montreal 's École Polytechnique before quitting in 2003 .
Spain  ( España  [ esˈpaɲa ]  )  , officially the Kingdom of Spain  (  [ Reino de España , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe , with two large archipelagoes , the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast , two cities Ceuta and Melilla in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast .
Dopamine  ( DA , contracted from 3,4-dihydroxyphenethylamine )  is an organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families that plays several important roles in the brain and body .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
Many 737s serve markets previously filled by 707 , 727 , 757 , DC-9 , and MD-80 / MD-90 airliners , and the aircraft currently competes primarily with the Airbus A320 family .
The main plot revolves around Selene  ( Kate Beckinsale )  , a vampire Death Dealer hunting Lycans .
Tyrion Lannister  ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' )  is a fictional character in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
During his lifetime , his record sales , estimated at 140 million worldwide , made him one of the world 's best-selling music artists .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
Chan Kong-sang , SBS , MBE , PMW ,  (  [ ; born 7 April 1954 )  , known professionally as Jackie Chan , is a Hong Kong martial artist , actor , film director , producer , stuntman , and singer .
He won the WBC heavyweight title in 1986 by defeating Pinklon Thomas , but lost it in his first defence to Mike Tyson , who was then undefeated at 20 years old .
His net worth is estimated to be US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 , and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world .
Sharon Marie Tate Polanski  ( January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 )  was an American actress and model .
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River , straddling the border between Utah and Arizona  ( most of it , along with Rainbow Bridge , is in Utah )  .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
He subsequently played d'Artagnan in 2011 's The Three Musketeers , starred in the coming-of-age dramas The Perks of Being a Wallflower  ( 2012 )  , Indignation  ( 2016 )  and Sidney Hall  ( 2017 )  , and had major roles in the 2014 films Noah and Fury .
Tramadol , sold under the brandname Ultram among others , is an opioid pain medication used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain .
The South Wales Valleys  ( Cymoedd De Cymru )  are a number of industrialised valleys in South Wales .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
It was released on 24 February 2017 independently through #Merky Records while being distributed by ADA of Warner Music Group .
The film received four more Academy Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Sound Editing , Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song , winning the latter two .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Her earlier roles include the title role in Electra at the National Institute of Dramatic Art  ( 1992 )  , Ophelia in Hamlet at the Belvoir St Theatre in Sydney  ( 1994 )  , Susan in Plenty in the West End  ( 1999 )  , and the title role in Hedda Gabler with the Sydney Theatre Company  ( 2004 )  .
Her portrayal of Sue Sylvester in Glee has won numerous awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award , Golden Globe Award , Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Comedy , Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Series , Miniseries , or Television Film , and the People 's Choice Award for Favorite TV Comedy Actress .
The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
The castle , which is open to the public , is the largest privately owned castle in Wales .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Water strictly refers to the liquid state of that substance , that prevails at standard ambient temperature and pressure ; but it often refers also to its solid state  ( ice )  or its gaseous state  ( steam or water vapor )  .
It is based on the novel The Bind by Stanley Ellin .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
His cartel supplied an estimated 80 % of the cocaine smuggled into the United States at the height of his career , turning over US $ 21.9 billion a year in personal income .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
Her other film roles include Little Miss Sunshine  ( 2006 )  , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress , No Reservations  ( 2007 )  , Nim 's Island  ( 2008 )  , Definitely , Maybe  ( 2008 )  , My Sister 's Keeper  ( 2009 )  , Zombieland  ( 2009 )  , and Rango  ( 2011 )  .
His best-known buildings are the Royal Pavilion , Brighton , and Buckingham Palace  ( though the facade facing The Mall is an early 20th-century remodelling by Aston Webb of an 1850s wing by Edward Blore , and thus is not Nash 's work )  .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
In 2006 , the United States Library of Congress deemed this film `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' , and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry , saying `` the plot of a trek along the Oregon Trail is aided immensely by the majestic sweep provided by the experimental Grandeur wide-screen process used in filming '' .
Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee  ( 27 May 1922 -- 7 June 2015 )  was an English character actor , singer , and author .
It operates stores in 49 states , Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands , and Guam  ( which houses the world 's largest Kmart )  .
Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael and starring Jared Leto , Sarah Polley , Diane Kruger , Linh Dan Pham , Rhys Ifans , Natasha Little , Toby Regbo and Juno Temple .
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun .
The District of North Vancouver is a district municipality in British Columbia , Canada and is part of the Greater Vancouver Regional District  ( GVRD )  .
He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world , and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States , and the fourth wealthiest in the world , with a total net worth of $ 73.3 billion .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Sierra Leone  (  [ sɪˈɛərə lɪˈəʊni ,   - lɪˈəʊn ]  )  , officially the Republic of Sierra Leone , is a country in West Africa .
The area 's many colleges and universities make Boston an international center of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering , and business , and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship , with nearly 2,000 startups .
The film was released on June 27 , 2014 , in IMAX and 3D .
Cerebral palsy  ( CP )  is a group of permanent movement disorders that appear in early childhood .
The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers .
According to the ancient manuscript Landnámabók , the settlement of Iceland began in the year 874 AD when the Norwegian chieftain Ingólfr Arnarson became the first permanent settler on the island .
She had leading roles in the sci-fi action-horror film Priest  ( 2011 )  and the psychological action-thriller film Abduction , and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Sci-Fi/Fantasy for her role as Snow White in the fantasy film Mirror Mirror .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes .
The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent .
After leaving The Streets of San Francisco in 1976 , Douglas went on to produce films including The China Syndrome  ( 1979 )  and Romancing the Stone  ( 1984 )  .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
He is referred to as the `` Father of Modern Medicine '' in recognition of his lasting contributions to the field as the founder of the Hippocratic School of Medicine .
Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago  ( a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain )  and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 .
Gabrielle Monique Union  ( born October 29 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
Hefner is a native of Chicago , Illinois and a former journalist for Esquire .
He has had supporting roles in films such as I Love You , Man , Date Night , Get Him to the Greek , Dinner for Shmucks , and A Good Old Fashioned Orgy and more prominent roles in films such as Adult Beginners , Joshy , My Blind Brother , Sausage Party , and Loving .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
He is the son of the Titan Hyperion and the Titaness Theia  ( according to Hesiod )  , also known as Euryphaessa  ( in Homeric Hymn 31 )  and brother of the goddesses Selene , the moon , and Eos , the dawn .
Garry Kimovich Kasparov  ( Га́рри Ки́мович Каспа́ров ,  [ ˈɡarʲɪ ˈkʲiməvʲɪtɕ kɐˈsparəf ]  ; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein , 13 April 1963 )  is a Russian chess grandmaster , former World Chess Champion , writer , and political activist , whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time .
It stars Dane DeHaan as Valerian and Cara Delevingne as Laureline , with Clive Owen , Rihanna , Ethan Hawke , Herbie Hancock , Kris Wu , and Rutger Hauer in supporting roles .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
is a 1982 American historical drama film directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Sissy Spacek , Jack Lemmon , Melanie Mayron , John Shea , Janice Rule and Charles Cioffi .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women .
Barack Hussein Obama II  (  [ bəˈrɑːk huːˈseɪn oʊˈbɑːmə ]  ; born August 4 , 1961 )  is an American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
It is bordered by Sierra Leone to its west , Guinea to its north and Ivory Coast to its east .
The series is a satirical depiction of working-class life epitomized by the Simpson family , which consists of Homer , Marge , Bart , Lisa , and Maggie .
Remote Control Productions , Inc. is a film score company run by composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica , California .
He was born in Harlem and was raised in Mount Vernon , New York .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
He is best known for his roles as Joseph `` Jody '' Summers in Baby Boy , Roman Pearce in the Fast and the Furious series and Robert Epps in the Transformers film series .
They honor the best in mystery fiction , non-fiction , television , film , and theater published or produced in the previous year .
The fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks , ABC is often nicknamed as `` The Alphabet Network '' , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order .
The Champ is a 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and a remake of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
It is taken by mouth , or less commonly by injection .
Imagine Dragons has won two American Music Awards for Favorite Alternative Artist , a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance , five Billboard Music Awards , and a World Music Award .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
More than half of EPA 's employees are engineers , scientists , and environmental protection specialists ; other employees include legal , public affairs , financial , and information technologists .
She wrote the play Art and Guff , co-wrote the series Cowbois ac Injans and four episodes of the BBC 's science fiction drama Torchwood : `` Out of Time '' , `` Captain Jack Harkness '' , `` Meat '' and `` Adam '' .
He was first elected to the Senate in 1972 , and became the sixth-youngest senator in U.S. history .
In 2013 , he released his debut studio album Kiss Land , which debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 .
The OA is an American mystery drama web television series with science fiction , supernatural , and fantasy elements , which debuted on Netflix on December 16 , 2016 .
Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 American dark comedy film directed by Frank Capra , starring Cary Grant , and based on Joseph Kesselring 's play Arsenic and Old Lace .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
It occurs in about one per 1000 babies born each year .
He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
More than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  (  [ neɡ̊olaɪ̯ kʰʌsd̥ɐ ˈʋald̥ɑʊ̯ ]  ; born 27 July 1970 )  is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter .
Rumi 's influence transcends national borders and ethnic divisions : Iranians , Tajiks , Turks , Greeks , Pashtuns , other Central Asian Muslims , and the Muslims of South Asia have greatly appreciated his spiritual legacy for the past seven centuries .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
He founded the Akhmat Fight Club and established annual freestyle wrestling international tournament Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup .
Wild is a 2014 American biographical survival drama film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée .
Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
She was introduced in the pilot .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg  ( born May 14 , 1984 )  is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
Lisa Olivia Munn  ( born July 3 , 1980 )  is an American actress and model .
The USC School of Cinematic Arts  ( formerly the USC School of Cinema-Television , or CNTV )  is a private media School within the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California .
Her debut album , 19 , was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success .
He has won three CBA championships with Beijing in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 , and is widely considered as the greatest foreign player to ever play in the Chinese Basketball Association .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
He has been involved with numerous other projects , including Arctic Monkeys and Biffy Clyro .
Before the album , Jay-Z had released collaborations with The Roots and R. Kelly , and Linkin Park had collaborated with various artists on their remix album Reanimation .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
The film is a loose reworking of Federico Fellini 's 1965 film Juliet of the Spirits .
She married John McCain in 1980 and the couple moved to Arizona in 1981 , where her husband would be elected to the United States Congress the following year and has been in office since then .
The English word dragon and Latin word draco derives from Greek δράκων  ( drákōn )  , `` dragon , serpent of huge size , water-snake '' .
The album features contributions from the reggae production duo Sly and Robbie and is a departure from Jones ' earlier disco sound , moving towards a new wave-reggae direction .
The Land Before Time is a 1988 American-Irish animated adventure drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth and executive produced by Steven Spielberg , George Lucas , Kathleen Kennedy , and Frank Marshall .
It stars Robert De Niro , Nick Nolte , Jessica Lange , and Juliette Lewis , and features cameos from Gregory Peck , Robert Mitchum , and Martin Balsam , who all appeared in the original film .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  ( born June 17 , 1980 )  is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .
Created by artist Steve Ditko and writer Stan Lee , the character first appeared in Strange Tales # 110  ( cover-dated July 1963 )  .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
At the time of her death , Atkins was California 's longest-serving female inmate .
The series was produced by Southern Star Group and screened in Australia from 2001 to 2005 on Network Ten and on Channel 4 in the UK .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Iran is a major regional and middle power , and its large reserves of fossil fuels -- which include the largest natural gas supply in the world and the fourth-largest proven oil reserves -- exert considerable influence in international energy security and the world economy .
It is locally believed that these crabs are reincarnations of the spirits of the Heike warriors defeated at the Battle of Dan-no-ura as told in The Tale of the Heike .
He began his career performing stand-up comedy during his teenage years , winning the Vancouver Amateur Comedy Contest in 1998 .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
Phoenix 's work encompassed 24 films and television appearances , and his rise to fame led to his status as a `` teen idol '' .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
The bearded Arun was a medium pacer and an attacking lower order batsman .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
One of the biggest movie stars in Hollywood , Cruise starred in several more successful films in the 1980s , including the dramas The Color of Money  ( 1986 )  , Cocktail  ( 1988 )  , Rain Man  ( 1988 )  , and Born on the Fourth of July  ( 1989 )  .
On July 4 , 1776 , during the course of the American Revolutionary War , the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence .
Records )  in 1982 and released her eponymous debut album the following year .
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s , it experienced mixed fortunes domestically , as it went through a series of changes in corporate ownership with little or no experience in the restaurant business .
Daniel `` Dan '' Martin  ( born 20 August 1986 )  is an Irish professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam .
It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash , a costumed superhero crime-fighter with the power to move at superhuman speeds .
Developed by Elizabeth Meriwether under the working title Chicks & Dicks , the series revolves around a kooky teacher Jess  ( Zooey Deschanel )  after she moves into a Los Angeles loft with three men , Nick  ( Jake Johnson )  , Schmidt  ( Max Greenfield )  , and Winston  ( Lamorne Morris )  ; Jess ' best friend Cece  ( Hannah Simone )  and on-again-off-again loft mate Coach  ( Damon Wayans Jr. )  also appear regularly .
Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD  (  [ ˈjuːseɪn ]  born 21 August 1986 )  is a Jamaican sprinter .
Director Ed Boon also sought to incorporate gameplay mechanics used by multiplayer shooter games , such as personalization , character creation , loot , and leveling up , into the fighting game genre , which led to the development of the Gear System .
Elizabeth II  ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 )  has been Queen of the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and New Zealand since 6 February 1952 .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
Located on the equator , Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest , Cameroon to the north , the Republic of the Congo on the east and south , and the Gulf of Guinea to the west .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
Following centuries of successive habitation by Celts , Romans , Slavs , Gepids and Avars , the foundation of Hungary was laid in the late 9th century by the Hungarian grand prince Árpád in the conquest of the Carpathian Basin .
Harold Allen Ramis  ( November 21 , 1944 -- February 24 , 2014 )  was an American actor , director , writer , and comedian .
In 1995 , Hawke first appeared in Richard Linklater 's romance trilogy , co-starring opposite Julie Delpy in Before Sunrise , and later in its sequels Before Sunset  ( 2004 )  and Before Midnight  ( 2013 )  , all of which met with critical acclaim .
Douglas Anthony Ducey  [ ˈduːsi ]   ( born April 9 , 1964 )  is an American businessman and politician who is the 23rd and current governor of the U.S. State of Arizona .
With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s .
She appeared in the series The Following in 2013 and joined the main cast of the Netflix series Bloodline , which launched in 2015 .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
Wu Yifan  ( , pronounced  [ - cmnu2-i4fan4 ]  , ; born November 6 , 1990 )  , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model .
It was released worldwide on September 9 , 2014 , for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One consoles .
She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
The Man in the High Castle won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1963 and the Tähtivaeltaja Award in 1993 .
Leighton Marissa Meester  ( born April 9 , 1986 )  is an American actress , singer-songwriter and model .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
In June 2014 , he won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his portrayal of Lyndon B. Johnson in the play All the Way on Broadway .
Indonesia  (  [ ɪndəˈniːʒə ]  or  [ ˌɪndoʊˈniːziə ]  ; Indonesian :  [ ɪndonesia ]  )  , officially the Republic of Indonesia  (  [ rɛpublik ɪndonesia ]  )  , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania .
According to the Forbes 2015 list of ` Celebrity 100 : The World 's Top-Paid Entertainers 2015 ' , Khan was the highest ranked Indian in 71st rank with earnings of $ 33.5 million .
Another population , who became the Arbëreshë settled in southern Italy and form the oldest continuous Albanian diaspora producing influential and many prominent figures .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
Curtis James Jackson III  ( born July 6 , 1975 )  , known professionally as 50 Cent , is an American rapper , actor , businessman , and investor .
Sriti Jha  ( born February 26 , 1986 )  is an Indian television actress , who appears in the Indian soap opera .
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  ( born August 21 , 1989 )  is an American actress , model , singer , and activist .
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins , Sons and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company on 19 June 1926 .
The film premiered at the Tokyo and Mumbai Film Festivals , where it won the Spirit of Asia Prize and the Oxfam Award for Best Film on Gender Equality .
The film features Ranveer Singh , Arjun Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan Khan in the principal roles .
It stars Maisie Williams and Florence Pugh as best friends at an all-girls school .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Founded in 1905 , the club 's home ground since then has been Stamford Bridge .
It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapičić .
Perth is the capital and largest city of the Australian state of Western Australia .
He started his career at age 19 in the film Endless Love  ( 1981 )  .
After they formed under the name Pectoralz , Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
Allen won four Academy Awards : three for Best Original Screenplay and one for Best Director  ( Annie Hall )  .
The films star Kristen Stewart , Robert Pattinson , and Taylor Lautner .
The Twilight Saga is a series of five romance fantasy films from Summit Entertainment based on the four novels by American author Stephenie Meyer .
Throughout his career , Ludacris has won Screen Actors Guild , Critic 's Choice , MTV , and Grammy Awards .
At age 23 in 1905 , he married Eleanor Roosevelt , and the couple went on to have six children .
Pence positioned himself as a principled ideologue and supporter of the Tea Party movement , noting he was `` a Christian , a conservative , and a Republican , in that order . ''
Aaliyah worked with record producers Timbaland and Missy Elliott for her second album , One in a Million , which sold 3 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
Pink Floyd were inducted into the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005 .
Presley was born in Tupelo , Mississippi , and relocated to Memphis , Tennessee , with his family when he was 13 years old .
They also credited `` Believe '' as the song which restored the singer 's popularity and cemented her position as a pop culture icon .
Except in military defence and foreign affairs , Hong Kong maintains its independent executive , legislative and judiciary powers .
They have been found everywhere from mountaintops to the deep sea , mud volcanoes , and from tropical rain forests to the Antarctic .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
The Black Panther  ( T'Challa )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
It was written along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for her debut solo album Hot  ( 2001 )  and released as the album 's second single on 19 February 2001 .
The province is bordered by the provinces of Ontario to the east and Saskatchewan to the west , the territories of Nunavut to the north , and Northwest Territories to the northwest , and the US states of North Dakota and Minnesota to the south .
Paris Whitney Hilton  ( born February 17 , 1981 )  is an American businesswoman , socialite , television and media personality , model , actress , singer , and DJ .
He was born in rural Narrows , Georgia .
The Boeing 737 is an American short - to medium-range twinjet narrow-body airliner .
During her swimming career she was a member of the Canadian national team and won three national titles .
The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Gabon  (  [ ɡəˈbɒn ]   [ ɡabɔ̃ ]  )  , officially the Gabonese Republic  ( République gabonaise )  , is a sovereign state on the west coast of Central Africa .
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel  ( born Bönickhausen ;  [ ˈaɪfəl ]   [ ɛfɛl ]  ; 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923 )  was a French civil engineer and architect .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
As Secretary of State in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2013 , Clinton responded to the Arab Spring , during which she advocated the U.S. military intervention in Libya .
Futurama-related merchandise has also been released , including a tie-in comic book series and video game , calendars , clothes and figurines .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
How I Met Your Mother  ( often abbreviated to HIMYM )  is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19 , 2005 to March 31 , 2014 .
She is a member of the K-pop girl group Red Velvet .
It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed .
He first achieved mainstream recognition for his highly successful manga Dr. Slump , before going on to create Dragon Ball -- his best-known work -- and acting as a character designer for several popular video games such as the Dragon Quest series , Blue Dragon and Chrono Trigger .
Asceticism  (  [ əˈsɛtɪsɪzəm ]  from the  [ Wiktionary : ἄσκησις , ἄσκησις ]  áskesis , `` exercise '' or `` training '' )  is a lifestyle characterized by abstinence from worldly pleasures , often for the purpose of pursuing spiritual goals .
He is best known for portraying Walter White on the AMC crime drama series Breaking Bad , Hal on the Fox comedy series Malcolm in the Middle , and Dr. Tim Whatley in five episodes of the NBC comedy series Seinfeld .
Often considered the best player in the world and regarded by many as the greatest of all time , Messi is the only player in history to win five FIFA Ballon d'Or awards , four of which he won consecutively , and the first to win three European Golden Shoes .
My Own Private Idaho had its premiere at the 48th Venice International Film Festival , and received largely positive reviews from critics including Roger Ebert and those of The New York Times and Entertainment Weekly .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
In 2016 , Hall portrayed the troubled news anchor Christine Chubbuck in the critically acclaimed drama Christine .
Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith  ( February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 )  was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring .
He emerged as the paramount leader of the Indian independence movement under the tutelage of Mahatma Gandhi and ruled India from its establishment as an independent nation in 1947 until his death in 1964 .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Lightning rods are also called finials , air terminals or strike termination devices .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Nepal has a diverse geography , including fertile plains , subalpine forested hills , and eight of the world 's ten tallest mountains , including Mount Everest , the highest point on Earth .
It was signed by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya and Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and some other leaders to break the fast unto death undertaken by Gandhi in Yerwada prison to annul the Macdonald Award giving separate electorates to Dalits for electing members of state legislative assemblies in British India .
Currently signed to WWE on a part-time contract , Johnson gained mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation  ( WWF , now WWE )  from 1996 to 2004 as a major figure in the company 's Attitude Era , and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history .
Gone with the Wind is a novel by American writer Margaret Mitchell , first published in 1936 .
The book would later receive a two season 2015 TV adaptation also under the name , The Man in the High Castle .
In 2010 , she was nominated for two Screen Actors Guild Awards : as the lead actress in When Love Is Not Enough : The Lois Wilson Story and as part of the cast of Black Swan .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife .
Chris Hemsworth  ( born 11 August 1983 )  is an Australian actor .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
Ser Gregor Clegane , nicknamed The Mountain , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Significant praise was directed towards the performances of Foy in the leading role and John Lithgow as Winston Churchill , and Foy received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and Lithgow the Best Actor at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards , among other accolades , including at the 74th Golden Globe Awards and the 7th Critics ' Choice Television Awards .
Giampaolo Pazzini  (  [ dʒamˈpaolo patˈtsini ]  ; born 2 August 1984 in Pescia )  , nicknamed Il Pazzo  ( The Madman )  by his fans , is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hellas Verona and formerly for the Italian national team , representing his nation at the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
The film is based on the French science fiction comics series Valérian and Laureline , written by Pierre Christin and illustrated by Jean-Claude Mézières .
Tina Turner  ( born Anna Mae Bullock ; November 26 , 1939 )  , is an American-born recording artist , dancer , actress , and author , whose career has spanned more than half a century , earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards .
The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures .
From 1986 until his retirement in 2005 , Kasparov was ranked world No. 1 for 225 out of 228 months .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
He is known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love  ( 1998 )  , for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role , Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates  ( 2001 )  , and Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story  ( 2012 -- 2013 )  .
The Olympic Games are considered the world 's foremost sports competition with more than 200 nations participating .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004 .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
The West Wing of the White House , also known as the Executive Office Building , houses the offices of the President of the United States .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
Fey has received nine Emmy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , five Screen Actors Guild Awards , and four Writers Guild of America Awards .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
Despite the influx of money from these sources , Henry was continually on the verge of financial ruin due to his personal extravagance as well as his numerous costly continental wars , particularly with Francis I of France and the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V , as he sought to enforce his claim to the Kingdom of France .
Havoc is a 2005 crime drama film starring Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips , with Shiri Appleby , Freddy Rodriguez , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Michael Biehn , and Laura San Giacomo appearing in supporting roles .
She had leading roles in the sci-fi action-horror film Priest  ( 2011 )  and the psychological action-thriller film Abduction , and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Sci-Fi/Fantasy for her role as Snow White in the fantasy film Mirror Mirror .
Born to a Russian Jewish family in Leningrad , Yelchin relocated to the United States , where he began performing in the late 1990s , appearing in several television and film roles , and received recognition in Hearts in Atlantis  ( 2001 )  .
It was created and written by Chris Chibnall and produced by Kudos Film and Television , Shine America , and Imaginary Friends .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
He is known for a collection of major hit singles including `` Bump N ' Grind '' , `` Your Body 's Callin ' '' , `` I Believe I Can Fly '' , `` Gotham City '' , `` Ignition  ( Remix )  '' , `` If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time '' , `` The World 's Greatest '' , `` I 'm a Flirt  ( Remix )  '' , and the hip-hopera `` Trapped in the Closet '' .
It also had great influence in England and France .
Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she has a five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .
Her other ventures include an endorsement deal with Rimmel London and a line of hip-hop-oriented merchandise for young children .
It was written by the Farrelly brothers and Bennett Yellin , and is the Farrelly brothers ' directorial debut .
She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom  ( 1995 )  along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
It was first broadcast on September 13 , 2005 , on The WB , and subsequently became part of successor The CW 's lineup .
Observer Media is an American print and online media company .
Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes produced the film for New Line Cinema , as an intention to reboot the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise , with the cast of Jackie Earle Haley , Kyle Gallner , Rooney Mara , Katie Cassidy , Thomas Dekker and Kellan Lutz .
Gourang Chakraborty  ( born 16 June 1950 )  , better known by his stage name Mithun Chakraborty ; informally referred to as Mithun Da , is an Indian film actor , singer , producer , writer , social worker , entrepreneur and a Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament .
Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor .
Delmar Drew Arnaud  ( born May 25 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Daz Dillinger  ( formerly Dat Nigga Daz )  , is an American rapper and record producer from Long Beach , California .
However , the historical connections of the region , as well as the impact of the Mediterranean Sea on the region 's climate and economy , mean that these cuisines share dishes beyond the core trio of oil , bread , and wine , such as roast lamb or mutton , meat stews with vegetables and tomato  ( for example , Spanish andrajos and Italian ciambotta )  , and the salted cured fish roe , bottarga , found across the region .
Her first mainstream appearance was in 2005 , when she worked as a red carpet reporter for the MTV Video Music Awards on MTV India .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
His 1966 debut album with the Mothers of Invention , Freak Out !
Adventure Time has won awards including : six Primetime Emmy Awards , a Peabody Award , three Annie Awards , two British Academy Children 's Awards , a Motion Picture Sound Editors Award , a Pixel Award , and a Kerrang !
As the Lunar Module Pilot on Apollo 11 , he was one of the first two humans to land on the Moon , and the second person to walk on it .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Omar Sharif  ( عمر الشريف ,  [ ˈʕomɑɾ eʃʃɪˈɾiːf ]  ; born Michel Dimitri Chalhoub  [ - arzmiˈʃel dɪˈmitɾi ʃælˈhuːb ]  10 April 193210 July 2015 )  was an Egyptian actor .
The company specializes in electric cars , Lithium-ion battery energy storage , and , through their SolarCity subsidiary , residential solar panels .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Father of the Bride is a 1991 American comedy film starring Steve Martin , Diane Keaton , Kimberly Williams  ( in her film debut )  , George Newbern , Martin Short , B. D. Wong , and Kieran Culkin .
Based on the concept of time-travel , the film stars actor Suriya in triple roles , with actresses Samantha Ruth Prabhu , Nithya Menen and Saranya Ponvannan in lead roles .
After being dropped by her record label , Nash self-released her third studio album , Girl Talk , on 4 March 2013 .
Jon Meade Huntsman Jr.  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American politician , businessman , and diplomat who served as the 16th Governor of Utah from 2005 to 2009 , and as United States Ambassador to Singapore from 1992 to 1993 , and China from 2009 to 2011 .
Diego da Silva Costa  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ða ˈsilβa ˈkosta ]  ,  [ ˈdʒjeɡu dɐ ˈsiwvɐ ˈkɔstɐ ]  ; born 7 October 1988 )  , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team .
Robin Charles Thicke  ( born March 10 , 1977 )  is an American singer , songwriter and record producer .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
The film stars RZA , Russell Crowe , Cung Le , Lucy Liu , Byron Mann , Rick Yune , Dave Bautista , and Jamie Chung .
Kmart Corporation  ( sometimes stylized as K-Mart )  is a chain of big box department stores headquartered in Hoffman Estates , Illinois , United States .
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot is a 2016 American biographical war comedy-drama film directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , and written by Robert Carlock , based on the memoir The Taliban Shuffle : Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan by Kim Barker .
New England is a geographical region comprising six states of the northeast United States : Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont .
As Lydia Deetz , a goth teenager in Tim Burton 's Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , she won critical acclaim and widespread recognition .
Celeste and Jesse Forever is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Lee Toland Krieger .
Chaplin 's childhood in London was one of poverty and hardship .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
Venus is the second planet from the Sun , orbiting it every 224.7 Earth days .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
The Mummy premiered at the State Theatre in Sydney , Australia on May 22 , 2017 and is scheduled to be released in the United States on June 9 , 2017 in 2D , 3D and IMAX 3D .
Born and raised in Los Angeles , Monroe spent most of her childhood in foster homes and an orphanage and married at the age of sixteen .
Stanley Tucci  (  [ ˈtuːtʃi ]   [ ˈtuttʃi ]  ; born November 11 , 1960 )  is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .
Her Amazonian training helped to develop a wide range of extraordinary skills in strategy , hunting , and combat .
Dementia is a broad category of brain diseases that cause a long term and often gradual decrease in the ability to think and remember that is great enough to affect a person 's daily functioning .
Witherspoon owns a production company , Pacific Standard , and she is actively involved in children 's and women 's advocacy organizations .
He was the highest paid Indian actor from 1970 to 1987 where Amitabh Bachchan shared the same tag with Khanna from 1980 to 1987 .
The romantic fantasy adventure film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman .
It introduced the famous character Count Dracula and established many conventions of subsequent vampire fantasy .
Bane is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Chastain made her Broadway debut in a revival of The Heiress in the same year .
Shingles , also known as herpes zoster , is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area .
The winner was Matt Cardle and his debut single `` When We Collide '' was released after the final .
The genre is considered a form of speculative fiction alongside science fiction films and horror films , although the genres do overlap .
42 is a 2013 American biographical sports film written and directed by Brian Helgeland about the racial integration of American professional baseball by player Jackie Robinson , who wore jersey number 42 through his Major League career .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise , centered on a film series created by George Lucas .
It also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects .
Gennady Gennadyevich Golovkin  ( Геннадий Геннадьевич Головкин born 8 April 1982 )  is a Kazakhstani professional boxer who currently holds the unified WBA  ( Super )  , WBC , IBF , and IBO middleweight titles .
The name Minneapolis is attributed to Charles Hoag , the city 's first schoolteacher , who combined mni , a Dakota Sioux word for water , and polis , the Greek word for city .
It was first released in 2011 and by 2017 it was one of the largest standalone messaging apps by monthly active users , with over 938 million active users .
Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . ''
Tardigrades  (  [ ˈtɑrdᵻˌgreɪd ]  also known as water bears , space bears , or moss piglets )  are water-dwelling , eight-legged , segmented micro-animals .
In Anthony 's freshman season , he led the Orangemen to their first and only National Championship and was named the NCAA Tournament 's Most Outstanding Player .
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
The film was released on February 26 , 2010 to positive reviews from critics , and was a modest box office success .
Hungarians , also known as Magyars  ( magyarok )  , are a nation and ethnic group who speak Hungarian and are primarily associated with Hungary .
In 2011 , she starred as Vivien Harmon in the first season of FX horror-drama series American Horror Story , for which she was nominated for the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie .
The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Elbe , one of the first known recipients of sex reassignment surgery , Alicia Vikander as Wegener , Ben Whishaw as Henrik , Sebastian Koch as Dr. Kurt Warnekros , Amber Heard as Ulla Paulson and Matthias Schoenaerts as Hans Axgil .
John Cowan Hartford  ( December 30 , 1937 -- June 4 , 2001 )  was an American folk , country and bluegrass composer and musician known for his mastery of the fiddle and banjo , as well as for his witty lyrics , unique vocal style , and extensive knowledge of Mississippi River lore .
The show revolves around four boys -- Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , Eric Cartman , and Kenny McCormick -- and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town .
Ezra Benjamin Edelman  ( born August 6 , 1974 )  is an American documentary producer and director .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Drogo is a khal , a leader of the Dothraki , a tribe of warriors who roam the continent of Essos .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
In 2004 , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
She made her Broadway debut in An Evening with Richard Nixon in 1972 and went on to receive Drama Desk Award nominations for the Off-Broadway plays , A Coupla White Chicks Sitting Around Talking  ( 1979 )  and Extremities  ( 1982 )  .
Born in Leiderdorp , a town in the western Netherlands , she was brought up by writer and theatre-radio producer Theodore van Houten .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
The second and final series finished airing on 18 December 2009 .
After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Jack & Jill  ( 1999 -- 2001 )  .
David Scott Jones  ( born October 1965 )  is a Scottish games programmer and entrepreneur who founded computer game companies DMA Design in 1987  ( which became Rockstar North in 2002 )  and Realtime Worlds in 2002 .
Yeh Dillagi  ( English : This Romance )  is a 1994 Bollywood romantic film , produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Naresh Malhotra under the banner of Yash Raj Films .
Fifth Harmony is an American girl group formed on the second season of The X Factor US in July 2012 .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
He currently hosts Talking Dead , an hourly aftershow on AMC , affiliated with the network 's zombie drama series The Walking Dead and Fear the Walking Dead as well as `` Talking with Chris Hardwick '' , a show in which Hardwick interviews prominent pop culture figures ; @midnight with Chris Hardwick , a nightly comedy-game show series on Comedy Central , and The Wall , a `` plinko '' inspired gameshow on NBC .
Jules Sébastien César Dumont d'Urville  ( 23 May 1790 -- 8 May 1842 )  was a French explorer , naval officer and rear admiral , who explored the south and western Pacific , Australia , New Zealand and Antarctica .
For reprising the role in the spinoff film In the Loop , Capaldi was honoured with several film critic award nominations for Best Supporting Actor .
Famous in Love is an American drama television series that premiered on Freeform on April 18 , 2017 , and is based on the novel of the same name by Rebecca Serle .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
In 2008 and 2009 , Lohan worked as a fashion model and launched the clothing line 6126 .
She appeared in her first commercial when she was three years old , and in her first film , Signs  ( 2002 )  , at the age of five .
Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell , lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Janet Damita Jo Jackson  ( born May 16 , 1966 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer and actress .
It offers bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , and doctorates , and medical , dental , business , and law degrees through 17 schools and colleges on two urban campuses .
She also portrayed Veronica Palmer on the ABC television sitcom Better Off Ted , and Olivia Lord on the television drama Nip/Tuck .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman  ( born 6 September 1974 )  is a retired English professional tennis player .
At Middleton is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Adam Rodgers and starring Andy García , Vera Farmiga , Taissa Farmiga , and Spencer Lofranco .
He has also starred in films , such as The Hangover trilogy  ( 2009 -- 2013 )  , Due Date  ( 2010 )  , The Campaign  ( 2012 )  , Birdman or  ( The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance )   ( 2014 )  , Puss in Boots  ( 2011 )  , Masterminds  ( 2016 )  and The Lego Batman Movie  ( 2017 )  .
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova  (  [ ˈdʒaːkomo dʒiˈrɔːlamo kazaˈnɔːva ]  or  [ kasaˈnɔːva ]  2 April 1725 -- 4 June 1798 )  was an Italian adventurer and author from the Republic of Venice .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
Pan Am premiered on ABC on September 25 , 2011 , and ended on February 19 , 2012 .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
Suicide Kings is a 1997 American mystery crime film based on Don Stanford 's short story The Hostage and directed by Peter O'Fallon .
A country of fertile plains , high mountains , and deserts , Syria is home to diverse ethnic and religious groups , including Syrian Arabs , Greeks , Armenians , Assyrians , Kurds , Circassians , Mandeans and Turks .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
Amsterdam is the country 's capital , while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of parliament and government .
The Monarch of the Glen television series is loosely based on Sir Compton Mackenzie 's Highland Novels , which are set in the same location but in the 1930s and 1940s .
Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors , including : genetics , ageing , exposure to noise , some infections , birth complications , trauma to the ear , and certain medications or toxins .
Her younger sister Lana Wood is also an actress .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis .
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin  ( ˈ ; born 7 October 1952 )  is the current President of the Russian Federation , holding the office since 7 May 2012 .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .
It may apply to both tangible assets  ( such as buildings )  and to intangible assets such as human capital , intellectual property , goodwill and/or financial assets )  .
Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The screenplay , penned by Lord and Miller , is based on a story by them and Dan and Kevin Hageman ; while the film features a few live-action scenes , it is primarily an animated film .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
William Jefferson Clinton  ( born August 19 , 1946 )  is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 .
Original voices from the first film -- Adam Sandler , Andy Samberg , Selena Gomez , Kevin James , Steve Buscemi , David Spade , Fran Drescher , Molly Shannon -- returned for the sequel , with Keegan-Michael Key replacing CeeLo Green as Murray .
In 2015 it acquired the right to sell televisions in the Americas using the brand name of former Japanese firm Sharp .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
Room is a 2015 independent drama film directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue , based on her novel of the same name .
Branson 's Virgin brand grew rapidly during the 1980s , as he set up Virgin Atlantic airline and expanded the Virgin Records music label .
The Blue Lagoon is a romance novel written by Henry De Vere Stacpoole and was first published by T. Fisher Unwin in 1908 .
Travis Landon Barker  ( born November 14 , 1975 )  is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 .
He rose to prominence with roles in two ensemble comedy-dramasDil Chahta Hai  ( 2001 )  and Kal Ho Naa Ho  ( 2003 )  .
Kuala Lumpur is the cultural , financial and economic centre of Malaysia , home to the Parliament of Malaysia , and the official residence of the Malaysian King , the Istana Negara .
Coogan has also branched out into more dramatic roles , with What Maisie Knew , and portrayed Paul Raymond in the biopic The Look of Love .
Throughout her career , Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide , making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
Starting out in 1963 with the group the Wailers , he forged a distinctive songwriting and vocal style that would later resonate with audiences worldwide .
Freeman has appeared in many other box office hits , including Glory  ( 1989 )  , Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves  ( 1991 )  , Seven  ( 1995 )  , Deep Impact  ( 1998 )  , The Sum of All Fears  ( 2002 )  , Bruce Almighty  ( 2003 )  , The Dark Knight Trilogy  ( 2005 -- 2012 )  , The Lego Movie  ( 2014 )  , and Lucy  ( 2014 )  .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
Frederick Trump  ( born Friedrich Trump ; March 14 , 1869 -- May 27 , 1918 )  was a German American businessman .
WeChat is a Chinese social media  ( instant messaging , commerce and payment services )  application developed by Tencent .
It is based loosely on Steven Millhauser 's short story , `` Eisenheim the Illusionist '' .
Although independently produced , it was distributed theatrically by Dimension Films and was released in cinemas on February 15 , 2008 and on DVD by The Weinstein Company and Genius Entertainment on May 20 , 2008 .
Pence positioned himself as a principled ideologue and supporter of the Tea Party movement , noting he was `` a Christian , a conservative , and a Republican , in that order . ''
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
He has also performed with artists such as Black Sabbath , Alice Cooper , Lita Ford , Badlands , and Gary Moore as well as his own band ESP .
In 2015 , she won an Emmy Award for her performance on the children 's television series R.L. Stine 's The Haunting Hour .
He has joined The Fast and the Furious franchise since 2015 , having starred in Furious 7 and The Fate of the Furious .
Naruto : Shippuden , a sequel to the original series , aired from February 15 , 2007 , to March 23 , 2017 , with 500 episodes .
Steven Vincent Buscemi  (  [ buːˈsɛmi ]  born December 13 , 1957 )  is an American actor and film director .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a 2016 American dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jane Goldman , based on the 2011 novel of the same name by Ransom Riggs .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin .
In response to the invasion , Carter ended détente , escalated the Cold War , and led the international boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
The film stars Eddie Murphy as Marcus Graham , a hotshot advertising executive who also happens to be an insatiable womanizer and male chauvinist .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
The album features guest appearances from Chris Brown and Young Thug , while the production was handled by Zaytoven , Honorable C.N.O.T.E. and Murda Beatz , among others .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a dark fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs .
`` California Gurls '' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her third studio album , Teenage Dream  ( 2010 )  .
The film stars Emily Blunt , Rebecca Ferguson , Haley Bennett , Justin Theroux , Luke Evans , Allison Janney , Édgar Ramírez , and Lisa Kudrow , and follows an alcoholic divorcée who becomes involved in a missing persons investigation .
Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 .
After the split of his first band , Feeble , Barker began playing for the Aquabats in 1996 as the Baron Von Tito .
Timothy Olyphant portrays Raylan Givens , a tough deputy U.S. Marshal enforcing his own brand of justice in his hometown of Harlan , Kentucky .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
An attacking right-handed middle-order batsman and wicket-keeper , he is widely regarded as one of the greatest finishers in limited-overs cricket .
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.  ( born September 27 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Lil Wayne , is an American hip hop recording artist .
Coogan has also branched out into more dramatic roles , with What Maisie Knew , and portrayed Paul Raymond in the biopic The Look of Love .
The Ozarks cover a significant portion of southern Missouri , extending as far northeast as the southwestern suburbs of St. Louis .
Hairspray : Soundtrack to the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album for the 2007 New Line Cinema musical film Hairspray .
Ramadan  (  [ ˌræməˈdɑːn ]  رمضان ,  [ ramaˈdˤaːn ]  ; In Arabic phonology , it can be  [  [ rɑmɑˈdˤɑːn , ramadˤɑːn , ræmæˈdˤɑːn ]  ]  , depending on the region .
The iPhone 3G is internally similar to its predecessor , but included several new hardware features , such as GPS , 3G data and tri-band UMTS/HSDPA .
Justified was nominated for eight Primetime Emmy Awards , with two wins , for Margo Martindale 's performance as Mags Bennett and Jeremy Davies ' performance as Dickie Bennett .
Notes on a Scandal is a 2006 British psychological thriller-drama film , adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller .
He has two active YouTube channels , both of which are named after him .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
This led to roles in films such as The English Patient , Bridget Jones 's Diary  ( for which Firth was nominated for a BAFTA )  , Shakespeare in Love , and Love Actually .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
In early 1999 , after releasing several albums in Spanish , Martin performed `` The Cup of Life '' at the 41st Grammy Awards show , which became a catalyst in bringing Latin pop to the forefront of the U.S. music scene .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
Poland is the eighth largest and one of the most dynamic economies in the European Union , simultaneously achieving a `` very high '' ranking on the Human Development Index .
Yardie was the first novel by Jamaican-born British writer Victor Headley , published in London in 1992 by Dotun Adebayo 's X Press .
After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest .
The film was released on February 8 , 1968 , in the United States and was a commercial success , earning a lifetime domestic gross of $ 32.6 million .
She gained prominence as a contestant on the twenty-first cycle of the U.S. television series America 's Next Top Model , and is known for having a prominent form of the skin condition vitiligo .
It is the fourth in a series of live-action musical films featuring The Muppets , with Michael Caine starring as Ebenezer Scrooge .
Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s , and over the next decade included several films and television series .
She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom  ( 1995 )  along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
Vikrant Massey is an Indian actor .
Aubrey Drake Graham  ( born October 24 , 1986 )  better known by the stage name Drake , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor .
The taxa joined together in the tree are implied to have descended from a common ancestor .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing .
Venice  (  [ langˈvɛnɪs ]  ; Venezia  [ veˈnɛtsja ]  ; Venesia  [ - vecveˈnɛsja ]  )  is a city in northeastern Italy and the capital of the Veneto region .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
Throughout his WWE career , Cena has won 25 championships , with 16 reigns as a world champion  ( 13 times as WWE Champion and three times as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , an accomplishment only previously achieved by WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair .
He received three death sentences in two separate trials for the Florida homicides .
Snoop Dogg has starred in motion pictures and hosted several television shows , including Doggy Fizzle Televizzle , Snoop Dogg 's Father Hood , and Dogg After Dark .
Legion  ( David Charles Haller )  is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
She began her career in television , making appearances in commercials and television shows , and later appeared in the films Jaws : The Revenge , The Land Before Time , and All Dogs Go to Heaven , supplying the voice for animated characters in the latter two .
Risk factors for reactivation include old age , poor immune function , and having had chickenpox before 18 months of age .
It is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere , and the sixth-tallest in the world .
Scott Eastwood  ( born Scott Clinton Reeves ; March 21 , 1986 )  is an American actor , model , and professional skydiver .
Lance Edward Armstrong  ( born Lance Edward Gunderson on September 18 , 1971 )  is an American former professional road racing cyclist .
Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues  ( 2015 )  , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters  ( 2016 )  .
In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Released on August 2 , 2010 , it is the first single from their fourth studio album , A Thousand Suns , which was released on September 8 , 2010 .
Pregnancy can occur by sexual intercourse or assisted reproductive technology .
Slovakia  ( listen )  , is a landlocked country in Central Europe .
It is the only species of Canis to have a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds , and originated in Eurasia during the Pleistocene , colonizing North America on at least three separate occasions during the Rancholabrean .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
She made her professional film debut in his 1976 remake of the 1933 action-adventure classic King Kong , for which she won her first Golden Globe Award , for New Star of the Year .
Rai has received numerous awards and accolades , including two Filmfare Awards from eleven nominations , and she was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009 .
Mexico City , or the City of Mexico  ( Ciudad de México ,  [ sjuˈða ðe ˈmexiko ]  ; abbreviated as `` CDMX '' )  , is the capital and most populous city of Mexico .
Earl Warren  ( March 19 , 1891 -- July 9 , 1974 )  was an American jurist and politician , who served as the 30th Governor of California  ( 1943 -- 1953 )  and later the 14th Chief Justice of the United States  ( 1953 -- 1969 )  .
Throughout her career , she has had a total of three UK number one singles , two of which coming from recording group The Pussycat Dolls and one as a solo artist .
The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' .
Philip was the first member of the House of Bourbon to rule as king of Spain .
Amaze was founded by serial entrepreneur Dan Elenbaas and his business partners Todd Gilbertsen and David Mann .
She was the second black woman in the history of the Academy Awards to win an acting Oscar .
It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date .
Anderson da Silva  (  [ ˈɐ̃deʁsõ ˈsiwvɐ ]  ; born April 14 , 1975 )  is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and former UFC Middleweight Champion .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
It stars Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg , and was written by Jones and Will McCormack , who also has a role in the film .
The Dakota , also known as Dakota Apartments , is a cooperative apartment building located on the northwest corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City , United States .
The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman  ( born September 1 , 1996 )  , known mononymously as Zendaya  (  [ zɛnˈdeɪ.ə ]  )  , is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
For the first three seasons , Wentworth was filmed on purpose-built sets in the suburbs of Clayton , Victoria .
The Matrix is a 1999 science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis , starring Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , Hugo Weaving , and Joe Pantoliano .
Sarah Kate Silverman  ( born December 1 , 1970 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer .
It was founded in the 13th century and was based primarily in Iran as well as neighboring territories , such as present-day Azerbaijan and the central and eastern parts of present-day Turkey .
Other notable performances include the films Naked  ( for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival )  , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth  ( in which he played King Duncan )  .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
He attended the Actors Studio , made his first television appearance in 1954 , and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause  ( 1955 )  and Giant  ( 1956 )  .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba ,  (  [ ˈɪdrᵻs ˈɛlbə ]  born 6 September 1972 )  is an English actor , musician , and DJ .
Drake released his debut studio album Thank Me Later in 2010 , which debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and was soon certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  .
Anni-Frid Synni , Princess Reuss of Plauen  ( Anni-Frid Synni , Prinzessin Reuss von Plauen born Anni-Frid Synni Lyngstad ,  [ ² ɑnːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑ ]  ;  [ ² anːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑːd ]  , 15 November 1945 )  , widely known as Frida Lyngstad or by just the mononym Frida  (  [ ² friːdɑ ]  ;  [ ² friːda ]  )  , is a Swedish pop and jazz singer .
It was nominated for four Academy Awards -- Best Actress , Best Supporting Actress , Best Adapted Screenplay , and Best Original Score .
The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
He is widely considered as one of the most popular actors of Hindi cinema , who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films .
The seven-year period that followed saw the death of her mother , birth of her first child , divorce from her first husband and relative poverty until she finished the first novel in the series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , in 1997 .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
Blake has also released remix work under the moniker Harmonimix .
He completed one year of an engineering program at Montreal 's École Polytechnique before quitting in 2003 .
Nike , Inc.  ( official ,  [ ˈnaɪki ]  also , non-US  [ ` naɪk ]  )  is an American multinational corporation that is engaged in the design , development , manufacturing , and worldwide marketing and sales of footwear , apparel , equipment , accessories , and services .
Cameron Jibril Thomaz  ( born September 8 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Wiz Khalifa , is an American rapper , songwriter , and actor .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Natalie Portman  ( born Neta-Lee Hershlag , נטע-לי הרשלג June 9 , 1981 )  is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship .
The Right Stuff stars Ed Harris , Scott Glenn , Sam Shepard , Fred Ward , Dennis Quaid and Barbara Hershey .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai , one of the seven emirates that make up the country .
A jingle is a short song or tune used in advertising and for other commercial uses .
Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur .
The Wolfman is a 2010 American horror drama film and a remake of the 1941 film of the same name .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
Beautiful is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Sally Field  ( in her feature film directorial debut )  , starring Minnie Driver , Joey Lauren Adams , Hallie Kate Eisenberg , Herta Ware , and Kathleen Turner .
He married Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon in 1923 and they had two daughters , Elizabeth and Margaret .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
In 2014 , Del Rey released her third studio album , Ultraviolence ; it became her first number-one album in the United States .
Dileep  ( born Gopalakrishnan Padmanabhan Pillai , on 27 October 1968 )  is an Indian film actor , singer , impressionist , producer , and businessman .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Donald McNichol Sutherland ,  ( born 17 July 1935 )  is a Canadian actor whose film career spans five decades .
The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
He announced his retirement in May 2013 after a 20-year career , during which he won 19 major trophies .
Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee , scripter Don Rico , and artist Don Heck , the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No. 52  ( April 1964 )  .
Wayne Mark Rooney  (  [ ˈruːni ]  born 24 October 1985 )  is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains both Manchester United and the England national team .
Cordozar Calvin Broadus , Jr.  ( born October 20 , 1971 )  , known professionally as Snoop Dogg  ( sometimes shortened to Snoop and formerly called Snoop Doggy Dogg and Snoop Lion )  , is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach , California .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
For the majority of their career , the group consisted of Michael `` Mike D '' Diamond  ( vocals , drums )  , Adam `` MCA '' Yauch  ( vocals , bass )  and Adam `` Ad-Rock '' Horovitz  ( vocals , guitar )  .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Marton Csokas , Nick Kroll , and Michael Shannon are all featured in supporting roles .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower  (  [ ˈaɪzənˌhaʊ.ər ]  ; October 14 , 1890 -- March 28 , 1969 )  was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a 2016 American dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jane Goldman , based on the 2011 novel of the same name by Ransom Riggs .
fi
Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .
The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film and an adaptation of Charles Dickens 's 1843 novel A Christmas Carol .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
The studio hired James Vanderbilt to write the screenplay and Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci to rewrite it .
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision .
Shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after defeating Senator Eugene McCarthy in the California and South Dakota presidential primaries , he was mortally wounded by Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old enraged Palestinian , and died the following day .
His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape  ( 1989 )  won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award .
Robert Lee Yates Jr.  ( born May 27 , 1952 )  is an American serial killer from Spokane , Washington .
Roald Dahl  (  [ langpronˈroʊ.əld   ˈdɑːl ]  ,  [ ˈɾuːɑl dɑl ]  ; 13 September 1916 -- 23 November 1990 )  was a British novelist , short story writer , poet , screenwriter , and fighter pilot .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
It is the world 's second-largest religion and the fastest-growing major religion in the world , with over 1.8 billion followers or 24.1 % of the global population , known as Muslims .
The Offspring is an American punk rock band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1984 .
Red Hot Chili Peppers , also sometimes shortened to The Chili Peppers or abbreviated as RHCP , are an American alternative rock/funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
Tamara Taylor  ( born September 27 , 1970 )  is a Canadian actress .
The film received positive reviews and is considered by many to be one of the best superhero films of the 2000s .
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system .
Robert Frederick Chelsea `` Bobby '' Moore OBE  ( 12 April 1941 -- 24 February 1993 )  was an English professional footballer .
The Vikings joined the National Football League  ( NFL )  as an expansion team in 1960 , and first took the field for the 1961 season .
The success of Android has made it a target for patent and copyright litigation as part of the so-called `` smartphone wars '' between technology companies .
A number of Leonardo 's most practical inventions are nowadays displayed as working models at the Museum of Vinci .
Her credits include That 's Life , Veronica Mars , Free Agents , Dirty Sexy Money , Big Shots , the Mythological X remake The Ex List and iZombie , which she co-created with Rob Thomas .
He is accompanied by his band , The Hooligans , who play a variety of instruments such as electric guitar , bass , piano , keyboards , drums and horns , and also serve as backup singers and dancers .
The most common symptoms are coughing  ( including coughing up blood )  , weight loss , shortness of breath , and chest pains .
Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life and times of one of America 's first supermodels , Gia Marie Carangi .
A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
Based on the original The Voice of Holland , the concept of the series is to find currently unsigned singing talent  ( solo or duets , professional and amateur )  contested by aspiring singers , age 13 or over , drawn from public auditions .
She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball  ( 2001 )  .
Elizabeth 's many historic visits and meetings include a state visit to the Republic of Ireland and visits to or from five popes .
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
Hawking has a rare early-onset , slow-progressing form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ( ALS )  that has gradually paralysed him over the decades .
Based on the original The Voice of Holland , the concept of the series is to find currently unsigned singing talent  ( solo or duets , professional and amateur )  contested by aspiring singers , age 13 or over , drawn from public auditions .
He was loaned out to Universal for a film called Three Smart Girls  ( 1936 )  , and its success saw Milland given a lead role in The Jungle Princess  ( also 1936 )  alongside new starlet Dorothy Lamour .
He is a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award for his contributions to the cinema , and has won an Academy Award , a Palme d'Or , Cannes Film Festival Best Director Award , Silver Lion , Grammy Award , Emmys , Golden Globes , BAFTAs , and DGA Awards .
Francis `` Frank '' Arthur Sedgman , AM  ( born 29 October 1927 )  is a retired former World No. 1 amateur tennis champion .
Rodman Edward `` Rod '' Serling  ( December 25 , 1924 -- June 28 , 1975 )  was an American screenwriter , playwright , television producer , and narrator known for his live television dramas of the 1950s and his science-fiction anthology TV series , The Twilight Zone .
This Saturday-morning cartoon series featured four teenagers -- Fred Jones , Daphne Blake , Velma Dinkley , and Norville `` Shaggy '' Rogers -- and their talking brown Great Dane named Scooby-Doo , who solve mysteries involving supposedly supernatural creatures through a series of antics and missteps .
Big Brother 2017 , also known as Big Brother 18 , is the upcoming eighteenth series of the British reality television series Big Brother , hosted by Emma Willis and narrated by Marcus Bentley .
In the United States , it topped the Top Country Albums Chart for 24 non-consecutive weeks , and was certified five times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  for sales of over 5 million copies .
He is best known for his semi-autobiographical novel Ask the Dust  ( 1939 )  about the life of a struggling writer , Arturo Bandini , in Depression-era Los Angeles .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
The NSA is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , a discipline known as signals intelligence  ( SIGINT )  .
In 2016 , Hudson was announced as a coach on the 2017 Series of The Voice UK .
William Harrison Clanton  ( 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 )  was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory .
Rodriguez also branched into television , playing Ana Lucia Cortez in the second season of the television series Lost .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
Watts directed and co-wrote the upcoming Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures produced Spider-Man : Homecoming , slated for a July 7 , 2017 release .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
The Getaway is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released through Warner Bros. on June 17 , 2016 .
During that time , he also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's science fiction thriller Minority Report  ( 2002 )  and as the villain Bullseye in the superhero film Daredevil  ( 2003 )  .
On October 18 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series through its thirteenth season .
While working as an electrical engineer in 2003 , Love began to pursue a career in music engineering .
He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public school , Boston Latin School  ( 1635 )  , first subway system , the Tremont Street Subway  ( 1897 )  , and first public park , Boston Common  ( 1634 )  .
Thailand is a constitutional monarchy and has switched between parliamentary democracy and military junta for decades , the latest coup being in May 2014 by the National Council for Peace and Order .
Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS .
He is known for playing Kane Jenkins in the New Zealand prime-time soap opera Shortland Street .
Edward VIII  ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 )  was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
It was written by Stiller , Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
Sharif , who spoke Arabic , English , Greek , French , Spanish , Portuguese and Italian fluently , was often cast as a foreigner of some sort .
Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
In 1993 , the Guinness Book of World Records declared Ross the most successful female music artist in history , due to her success in the United States and United Kingdom for having more hits than any female artist in the charts , with a career total of 70 hit singles with her work with the Supremes and as a solo artist .
30 Seconds to Mars is the debut studio album by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Philip Davis Guggenheim  ( born November 3 , 1963 )  is an American film and television director and producer .
It was released as the seventh single from the album on September 23 , 2008 .
It has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to treat major depression , which it received in 1998 , and is prescribed off-label for other conditions .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi  ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VIII -- The Last Jedi )  is an upcoming American epic space opera film written and directed by Rian Johnson .
Sunflower  ( I girasoli )  is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
Furious 7  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 )  is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she has a five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .
X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics .
She has received international acclaim and many accolades , including six AACTA Awards , two Academy Awards , three Screen Actors Guild Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and three BAFTA Awards .
Hawking has a rare early-onset , slow-progressing form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ( ALS )  that has gradually paralysed him over the decades .
The lion  ( Panthera leo )  is one of the big cats in the genus Panthera and a member of the family Felidae .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing over 20 million visitors per year .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt .
The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd .
The 67 National Historic Landmarks in the city helped account for the $ 10 billion generated by tourism .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
The Nord-du-Québec region , occupying the northern half of the province , is sparsely populated and inhabited primarily by Aboriginal peoples .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
However , elements that are commonly associated with evil involve unbalanced behavior involving anger , revenge , fear , hatred , psychological trauma , expediency , selfishness , ignorance , or neglect .
Carey and Boyz II Men spent a record sixteen weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 in 1995 -- 96 with `` One Sweet Day , '' which remains the longest-running number-one song in US chart history .
The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham .
Trolls : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2016 DreamWorks Animation film Trolls , released on September 23 , 2016 by RCA Records .
Woodrow Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson  ( born July 23 , 1961 )  is an American actor , activist and playwright .
A role-playing game  ( sometimes spelled roleplaying game and abbreviated to RPG )  is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting .
He was the artistic director of the Old Vic theatre in London from 2004 until stepping down in mid-2015 .
The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American aerospace manufacturer based in Southern California .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
Christopher Ryan Hardwick  ( born November 23 , 1971 )  is an American stand-up comedian , voice actor , television host , writer , producer , podcaster , and musician .
Created by cartoonists Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , the character first appeared in Captain America Comics # 1  ( cover dated March 1941 )  from Timely Comics , a predecessor of Marvel Comics .
Jared Corey Kushner  ( born January 10 , 1981 )  is an American real estate investor and developer , newspaper owner , and senior advisor to President Donald Trump .
Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War  ( Original title חטופים Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' )  , which was created by Gideon Raff .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
Two years later , he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .
The series began in Kodansha 's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 , 2009 , and has been collected into 22 tankōbon volumes as of April 2017 .
She had a recurring role as the young version of Chloe Goodwin in The Goodwin Games and starred as Maya Hart in the Disney Channel series Girl Meets World .
Liv Rundgren Tyler  ( born Liv Rundgren ; July 1 , 1977 )  is an American actress and former model .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
He is best known for hosting several late-night talk shows ; since 2010 he has hosted Conan on the cable channel TBS .
`` Calling All the Monsters '' is a song performed by American pop recording artist China Anne McClain .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
Anthony Howard Goldwyn  ( born May 20 , 1960 )  is an American actor , producer , director and political activist .
After publishing several short stories in the late 1950s and early 1960s , he began composing the novels for which he is best known : V.  ( 1963 )  , The Crying of Lot 49  ( 1966 )  , Gravity 's Rainbow  ( 1973 )  , and Mason & Dixon  ( 1997 )  .
It is the 56th Disney animated feature film .
Underworld is a series of action horror films directed by Len Wiseman , Patrick Tatopoulos , Måns Mårlind , Björn Stein and Anna Foerster .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Colombia shares a border to the northwest with Panama , to the east with Venezuela and Brazil and to the south with Ecuador and Peru .
It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff .
They have won four League Championship titles , six FA Cups and a Charity Shield , as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
Ubisoft Entertainment SA  ( formerly Ubi Soft Entertainment Software )  , doing business as Ubisoft  ( formerly Ubi Soft )  , is a French multinational video game publisher , headquartered in Rennes , France .
Jennings , a transgender teenage girl , is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender , and for being the youngest person to become a national transgender figure .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
Along with `` Something '' and `` While My Guitar Gently Weeps '' , it is one of Harrison 's best-known compositions from the Beatles era .
It stars Jennifer Lopez , Ralph Fiennes , and Natasha Richardson .
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy .
Werner Herzog  (  [ ˈvɛɐ̯nɐ ˈhɛɐ̯tsoːk ]  ; born 5 September 1942 )  is a German screenwriter , film director , author , actor , and opera director .
Papua New Guinea  ( PNG ;  [ ˈpæpuə njuː ˈgɪniː ,   ˈpɑː - ,   - pju - ]  ,  [ ˈpæpjuə ,   pɑːˈpuːə ]  Papua Niugini Hiri Motu : Papua Niu Gini )  , officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea , is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia , a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia .
Amazon Web Services  ( AWS )  describes both a technology and a company .
Amitabh Harivansh Rai Shrivastava Bachchan  (  [ əmɪˈtaːbʱ ˈbətʃːən ]  ; born 11 October 1942 )  is an Indian film actor .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
In 2012 , Sorum founded a touring project , entitled Kings of Chaos , featuring members of Guns N ' Roses , Deep Purple , Def Leppard , Aerosmith , ZZ Top , Cheap Trick and Slipknot .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
The Star Trek film series is the cinematic branch of the Star Trek media franchise , which began in 1966 as a weekly television series on NBC , running for three seasons until it was canceled in 1969 because of poor ratings .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo .
Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 .
System of a Down has sold over 40 million records worldwide .
The film stars Branagh , Tom Bateman , Lucy Boynton , Olivia Colman , Penélope Cruz , Willem Dafoe , Judi Dench , Johnny Depp , Josh Gad , Manuel Garcia-Rulfo , Derek Jacobi , Marwan Kenzari , Leslie Odom Jr. , Michelle Pfeiffer , Sergei Polunin , and Daisy Ridley .
He currently stars in the ABC political drama Scandal .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
Beverly Hills , 90210 is an American drama television series that ran for ten seasons -- originally airing from October 4 , 1990 , to May 17 , 2000 , on Fox , and was produced by Spelling Television in the United States -- and subsequently on numerous networks around the world .
His style was influenced by gospel music , country music , and rhythm and blues acts , and he performed in Lubbock with his friends from high school .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
Goldblum starred in films including Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , The Big Chill  ( 1983 )  and Into the Night  ( 1985 )  before coming to the attention of wider audiences in David Cronenberg 's The Fly  ( 1986 )  which earned him a Saturn Award for Best Actor .
The town lends its name to the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
Lisbon  (  [ ˈlɪzbən ]  Lisboa ,  [ liʒˈβoɐ ]  )  is the capital and the largest city of Portugal , with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km ² .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Mary-Louise Parker  ( born August 2 , 1964 )  is an American actress and author .
Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal , the band consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland , bassist Greg K. , lead guitarist Kevin `` Noodles '' Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada .
He gained worldwide popularity for his double sprint victory at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in world record times .
Heywood `` Woody '' Allen  ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 )  is an American director , writer , actor , comedian , playwright , and musician whose career spans more than six decades .
He failed , walked out , and founded a third party , the Progressive , so-called `` Bull Moose '' Party , which called for wide-ranging progressive reforms .
She went on to star in the 2013 Swedish drama film Hotell and appeared in the Julian Assange-biopic The Fifth Estate that same year .
It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy , following Star Wars : The Force Awakens  ( 2015 )  .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
The Nile , which is 6,853 km  ( 4,258 miles )  long , is an `` international '' river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries , namely , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , Burundi , Congo-Kinshasa , Kenya , Ethiopia , Eritrea , South Sudan , Sudan and Egypt .
G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott , produced by Largo Entertainment , Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures , distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore , Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
Trump 's father , Frederick , died when Trump was 13 years old .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
Rope is a 1948 American film noir psychological crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , based on the 1929 play of the same name by Patrick Hamilton , and adapted by Hume Cronyn and Arthur Laurents .
Gary Leon Ridgway  ( born February 18 , 1949 )  is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Following his commercial breakthrough with the science-fiction horror film Alien  ( 1979 )  , his best known works are the neo-noir dystopian science fiction film Blade Runner  ( 1982 )  , crime drama Thelma & Louise  ( 1991 )  , historical drama and Best Picture Oscar winner Gladiator  ( 2000 )  , war film Black Hawk Down  ( 2001 )  , crime thriller Hannibal  ( 2001 )  , biographical film American Gangster  ( 2007 )  , and science fiction films Prometheus  ( 2012 )  and The Martian  ( 2015 )  .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
While the names of many of his later periods are debated , the most commonly accepted periods in his work are the Blue Period  ( 1901 -- 1904 )  , the Rose Period  ( 1904 -- 1906 )  , the African-influenced Period  ( 1907 -- 1909 )  , Analytic Cubism  ( 1909 -- 1912 )  , and Synthetic Cubism  ( 1912 -- 1919 )  , also referred to as the Crystal period .
In 1981 , while remaining a member of Fleetwood Mac , Nicks began her solo career , releasing the album Bella Donna , which topped the Billboard album charts and reached platinum status less than three months after its release , and has since been certified quadruple-platinum .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
The Wild Thornberrys is an American animated television series that aired on Nickelodeon from 1998 to 2004 .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
The Hobbit is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson .
Lee Harvey Oswald  ( October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 )  was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
He is also known for his work in the 1990s to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam , and for his belief that the Iraq War should have been fought to a successful conclusion .
Alison Brie Franco  ( née Schermerhorn born December 29 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Alison Brie , is an American actress and producer .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
His second album Exclusive  ( 2007 )  spawned his second Hot 100 number one `` Kiss Kiss '' , in addition to `` With You '' and `` Forever '' .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
Gore rose to prominence for her work with the Parents Music Resource Center  ( PMRC )  , voicing strong opinions and advocating censorship , for the labeling of record covers of releases featuring profane language , especially in the heavy metal , punk and hip hop genres .
The Legend of Tarzan is a 2016 American action adventure film based on the fictional character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Stardust  ( 2007 )  is a film adaptation of the 1999 Neil Gaiman novel of the same name , Stardust .
Champion is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film based on a short story by Ring Lardner .
The fifth installment in the Terminator franchise , it serves as a soft reboot to the film series that features the main characters from the first two films , portrayed by a new cast with the exception of Arnold Schwarzenegger , who reprises his role as the eponymous character .
He made his directorial debut with My Bodyguard  ( 1980 )  , and has since directed movies like Six Weeks  ( 1982 )  , Five Corners  ( 1987 )  , Crazy People  ( 1990 )  , and Flyboys  ( 2006 )  .
The House of Lusignan  (  [ ˈluːzᵻnjɒn ]  )  was a royal house of French origin , which ruled much of Europe and the Levant , including the kingdoms of Jerusalem , Cyprus , and Armenia , from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages .
Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario .
Julianne Alexandra Hough  (  [ hʌf ]  born July 20 , 1988 )  is an American dancer , singer , and actress .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The wreck of Titanic , first discovered over 70 years after the sinking , remains on the seabed , split in two and gradually disintegrating at a depth of 12415 ft. Since her discovery in 1985 , thousands of artefacts have been recovered and put on display at museums around the world .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
Nicholas King Nolte  ( born February 8 , 1941 )  is an American actor and former model .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
Bradley Charles Cooper  ( born January 5 , 1975 )  is an American actor and producer .
Hungarians , also known as Magyars  ( magyarok )  , are a nation and ethnic group who speak Hungarian and are primarily associated with Hungary .
100 Greatest of All Time was a television series of five one-hour episodes , produced and first aired by Tennis Channel in March 2012 .
She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .
Nanotechnology  ( `` nanotech '' )  is manipulation of matter on an atomic , molecular , and supramolecular scale .
Justified is an American crime drama television series that premiered on March 16 , 2010 , on the FX network .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Seth Aaron Rogen  (  [ ˈroʊɡən ]  born April 15 , 1982 )  is a Canadian-American actor , filmmaker , and comedian .
Liana Daine Liberato  ( born August 20 , 1995 )  is an American television and film actress .
Avengers : Age of Ultron is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
David Thewlis  ( born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 )  is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Amerigo Vespucci  (  [ ameˈriːɡo vesˈputtʃi ]  ; March 9 , 1454February 22 , 1512 )  was an Italian explorer , financier , navigator and cartographer who first demonstrated that Brazil and the West Indies did not represent Asia 's eastern outskirts as initially conjectured from Columbus ' voyages , but instead constituted an entirely separate landmass hitherto unknown to Old Worlders .
Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s , the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and has become one of the wealthiest in the world .
Gerard Lee  ( born 1951 in Melbourne )  is an Australian novelist , screenwriter and director .
Oakland  [ ˈoʊklənd ]  is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County , California , United States .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
He is also the author of the novels The Maze of the Muse and Sweet Sentence , and the travel books The King Neptune Day & Night Club , and Cafe Royale  ( also published as The Blue Man )  .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
At its greatest extent , the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran , Iraq , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Turkmenistan , Turkey , western Afghanistan , and southwestern Pakistan .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
Amerigo Vespucci  (  [ ameˈriːɡo vesˈputtʃi ]  ; March 9 , 1454February 22 , 1512 )  was an Italian explorer , financier , navigator and cartographer who first demonstrated that Brazil and the West Indies did not represent Asia 's eastern outskirts as initially conjectured from Columbus ' voyages , but instead constituted an entirely separate landmass hitherto unknown to Old Worlders .
He frequently works with Joel Cohen .
Legion stars in his own TV series of the same name where he is portrayed by Dan Stevens .
The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .
Hayden Leslie Panettiere  ( born August 21 , 1989 )  is an American actress , model , singer , and activist .
In the 2000s , he became known for his role of Michael Bluth in the critically acclaimed sitcom Arrested Development , for which he won a Golden Globe , and a Satellite Award .
Nikola Tesla  ( Никола Тесла 10 July 1856 -- 7 January 1943 )  was a Serbian-American inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current  ( AC )  electricity supply system .
Ready Player One is a 2011 dystopian science-fiction novel , and the debut novel by Ernest Cline .
The attacks killed 2,996 people , injured over 6,000 others , and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .
Blake Edwards  ( born William Blake Crump ; July 26 , 1922 -- December 15 , 2010 )  was an American film director , screenwriter , and producer .
Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria  (  [ ˈpaβ̞lo eˈmiljo eskoˈβ̞aɾ ɣ̞aˈβ̞iɾja ]  ; 1 December 19492 December 1993 )  was a Colombian drug lord and narco-terrorist .
It was MGM 's most expensive production to date and did not completely recoup the studio 's investment nor turn a profit until theatrical re-releases starting in 1949 .
He is best known for a series of hits in the 1960s and 1970s , and for hosting a music and comedy variety show called The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour on CBS television from January 1969 through June 1972 .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Kristofer Hivju  ( born December 7 , 1978 )  is a Norwegian film actor , producer , and writer .
When it was released as a single , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' became a commercial success , staying at the top of the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks and selling more than a million copies by the end of January 1976 .
He is part of the Diemon Crew , a rap group .
The phalanx  ( φάλαγξ plural phalanxes or phalanges , φάλαγγες , phalanges )  was a rectangular mass military formation , usually composed entirely of heavy infantry armed ]  s , pikes , sarissas , or similar weapons .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Hiddleston has also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's War Horse  ( 2011 )  , The Deep Blue Sea  ( 2011 )  , Woody Allen 's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris  ( 2011 )  , the 2012 BBC series Henry IV and Henry V , and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive  ( 2013 )  .
Thenmerku Paruvakatru  ( Southwest Monsoon )  is a 2010 Tamil drama film written and directed by Seenu Ramasamy and produced by Shibu Issac .
Helena Bonham Carter ,  ( born 26 May 1966 )  is an English actress .
It is bound by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
For his work as an artist , Phoenix has received a Grammy Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations .
Jimmy Donal `` Jimbo '' Wales  (  [ 'd ʒɪmi ˈdoʊnəl ˈweɪlz ]  born August 7 , 1966 in Huntsville , Alabama )  is an American Internet entrepreneur .
It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Historically , the value of gold was rooted in its relative rarity , easy handling and minting , easy smelting and fabrication , resistance to corrosion and other chemical reactions  ( nobility )  and its distinctive color .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Its neighbours include China  ( officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC )  to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .
Thanos  (  [ ˈθænɒs ]  ,  [ ˈθænoʊs ]  )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic  ( 1995 -- 96 )  and Jack & Jill  ( 1999 -- 2001 )  .
The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .
The team has played in four Super Bowl games , but lost each one .
In the 16th century she became a symbol of the Catholic League , and in 1803 she was declared a national symbol of France by the decision of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Albania spans 28,748 km2 and had a total population of almost 3 million people .
There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic historical drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano .
In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States .
Elba has appeared in films such as Ridley Scott 's American Gangster  ( 2007 )  , Takers  ( 2010 )  , Thor  ( 2011 )  , Prometheus  ( 2012 )  , Pacific Rim  ( 2013 )  , Thor : The Dark World  ( 2013 )  and Beasts of No Nation  ( 2015 , for which he received BAFTA and Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actor )  , and Star Trek Beyond  ( 2016 )  .
The screenplay is by Travis Beacham and del Toro , with a story by Beacham .
is a species of crab native to Japan , with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab .
It offers bachelor 's degrees , master 's degrees , and doctorates , and medical , dental , business , and law degrees through 17 schools and colleges on two urban campuses .
The tour spanned across the United States , Canada , Denmark , Australia , and the Netherlands , promoting his 2009 album Battle Studies .
Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .
Major League Soccer  ( MLS )  is a men 's professional soccer league , sanctioned by U.S. Soccer , that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada .
Aubrey Drake Graham  ( born October 24 , 1986 )  better known by the stage name Drake , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
After performing in several stage productions , she began acting in films by auteur directors Jean-Luc Godard  ( Hail Mary , 1985 )  , Jacques Doillon  ( Family Life , 1985 )  and André Téchiné , who made her a star in France with the leading role in his 1985 drama Rendez-vous .
Theodore Roosevelt Jr.  (  [ ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  ; October 27 , 1858 -- January 6 , 1919 )  was an American statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909 .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Following a series of French albums during the 1980s , she signed on to Epic Records in the United States .
In addition to Washington , the film also stars Viola Davis , Stephen Henderson , Jovan Adepo , Russell Hornsby , Mykelti Williamson and Saniyya Sidney .
After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works .
Later in her career , Uggams received renewed notice with appearances alongside Ryan Reynolds in Deadpool  ( 2016 )  and in a recurring role on Empire .
Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film Star Trek  ( 2009 )  , the thriller adventure A Perfect Getaway  ( 2009 )  , the horror comedy The Cabin in the Woods  ( 2012 )  , the dark-fantasy action film Snow White and the Huntsman  ( 2012 )  , the war film Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , and the biographical sports drama film Rush  ( 2013 )  .
It is the third installment in the live-action Transformers film series , and is the sequel to 2009 's Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
It is the largest Internet-based retailer in the world by total sales and market capitalization .
She portrayed Annie Edison in the NBC/Yahoo !
The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
The Fate of the Furious  ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 )  is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan .
Audrey Hepburn  (  [ ˈɔːdri ˈhɛpˌbɜrn ]  born Audrey Kathleen Ruston ; 4 May 1929 -- 20 January 1993 )  was a British actress , model , dancer and humanitarian .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
Their awards include six Brit Awards , four MTV Video Music Awards , eleven MTV Europe Music Awards , seven American Music Awards  ( including Artist of the Year in 2014 and 2015 )  , and 27 Teen Choice Awards , among many others .
Created by artist/writer Rob Liefeld and writer Fabian Nicieza , the character first appeared in The New Mutants # 98  ( cover-dated February 1991 )  .
Alicia Amanda Vikander  (  [ aˈliːsɪa vɪˈkandɛr ]  ; born 3 October 1988 )  is a Swedish actress and former dancer .
Performed by Norah Jones during the film 's opening credits , the song was used as the film 's main theme song .
The OA is an American mystery drama web television series with science fiction , supernatural , and fantasy elements , which debuted on Netflix on December 16 , 2016 .
She attended Brigham Young University  ( BYU )  , married Mitt Romney in 1969 , and in 1975 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in French .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
After DJ Yella and MC Ren joined the group , N.W.A released their debut single Panic Zone .
Courtney Michelle Love  ( born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 )  is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
Ray Milland  ( 3 January 1907
River Jude Phoenix  ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 -- October 31 , 1993 )  was an American actor , musician , and activist .
World War I  ( WWI or WW1 )  , also known as the First World War , the Great War , or the War to End All Wars , was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918 .
She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark in the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones in 2011 , for which she won the EWwy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama , the Portal Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Television and Best Young Actor , and the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor .
In January 20 , 1968 , Tate married Roman Polanski , her director and co-star in 1967 's The Fearless Vampire Killers .
Are You Experienced is the debut studio album by English-American rock band the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
Set during the Cold War , the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan , who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers -- a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960 -- in exchange for Rudolf Abel , a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States , whom he represented at trial .
Kurt Leon Sutter  ( born May 5 , 1960 )  is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
A mole is a massive structure , usually of stone , used as a pier , breakwater , or a causeway between places separated by water .
Parisse has also starred as Julia Snyder on the soap opera As the World Turns , for which she was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award , and as FBI specialist Debra Parker on the thriller series The Following .
Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney .
Albert Arnold Gore Jr.  ( born March 31 , 1948 )  is an American politician and environmentalist who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton .
Browning made her film debut in the Australian television film The Echo of Thunder , subsequently , she played recurring roles in the Australian television shows Blue Heelers and Something in the Air .
A seven-time Academy Award nominee , she received her first nomination for They Shoot Horses , Do n't They  ( 1969 )  and went on to win two Best Actress Oscars in the 1970s for Klute  ( 1971 )  and Coming Home  ( 1978 )  .
She is also the recipient of ten Grammy Awards , five Guinness World Records , one Emmy Award , 21 Billboard Music Awards , 11 Country Music Association Awards , eight Academy of Country Music Awards , and one Brit Award .
The third series has become the UK 's most watched drama series since 2001 while interest in the fourth series appeared to slip by approximately twenty percent .
It was released as the album 's second single on September 20 , 2011 through Walt Disney Records .
He first gained recognition as Will Tippin in the spy-action television show Alias  ( 2001 -- 2006 )  , and achieved minor success with a supporting part in the comedy film Wedding Crashers  ( 2005 )  .
As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate .
Daniel Wroughton Craig  ( born 2 March 1968 )  is an English actor .
Probably the best-known was his elopement with Helen , queen of Sparta , this being one of the immediate causes of the Trojan War .
Catherine Tregenna is a Welsh playwright , television scriptwriter and actress .
Angle is also a two-time King of the Mountain .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
The film was released on February 19 , 1999 and was a critical and financial failure , although it has come to gain a cult following .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights  ( 2006 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , The Other Guys  ( 2010 )  and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay .
In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire .
The Backstreet Boys  ( often abbreviated as BSB )  are an American vocal group , formed in Orlando , Florida in 1993 .
Iran is a major regional and middle power , and its large reserves of fossil fuels -- which include the largest natural gas supply in the world and the fourth-largest proven oil reserves -- exert considerable influence in international energy security and the world economy .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
He began his career in college as a joke writer , stand up comedian , and playwright and , while still in college , was a staff writer for Laverne & Shirley -- making him  ( at the time )  the youngest member of the Writers Guild of America .
The World Bank 's  ( the IBRD and IDA 's )  activities are focused on developing countries , in fields such as human development  ( e.g. education , health )  , agriculture and rural development  ( e.g. irrigation and rural services )  , environmental protection  ( e.g. pollution reduction , establishing and enforcing regulations )  , infrastructure  ( e.g. roads , urban regeneration , and electricity )  , large industrial construction projects , and governance  ( e.g. anti-corruption , legal institutions development )  .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance , Ben Coccio , and Darius Marder .
Park Soo-young  ( born September 3 , 1996 )  , known by the stage name Joy , is a South Korean singer and actress .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
Ecuador  (  [ ˈɛkwədɔːr ]  ,  [ ekwaˈðor ]  )   ( Ikwadur )  , officially the Republic of Ecuador  (  [ República del Ecuador , ]  , which literally translates as `` Republic of the Equator '' ; Ikwadur Ripuwlika )  , is a representative democratic republic in northwestern South America , bordered by Colombia on the north , Peru on the east and south , and the Pacific Ocean to the west .
The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles .
Linux  ( pronounced  [ - en audio = Linus-linux .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
Born to actor Subhendu Chatterjee , Saswata Chatterjee began his career with a Hindi serial directed by Saibal Mitra , based on Samaresh Majumdar 's Kaalpurush .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
Kenneth Ray Rogers  ( born August 21 , 1938 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur .
In wider Germanic mythology and paganism , Odin was known in Old English as Wōden , in Old Saxon as Wōdan , and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wōtan , all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wōđanaz .
He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 , is an inductee into the Songwriters Hall of Fame , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors .
New York 's higher education network comprises approximately 200 colleges and universities , including Columbia University , Cornell University , New York University , and Rockefeller University , which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world .
A leading member of the revolutionary Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party , and later , the Baghdad-based Ba'ath Party and its regional organization the Iraqi Ba'ath Party -- which espoused Ba'athism , a mix of Arab nationalism and socialism -- Saddam played a key role in the 1968 coup  ( later referred to as the 17 July Revolution )  that brought the party to power in Iraq .
Alien : Covenant is a 2017 American science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper , with a story by Michael Green and Jack Paglen .
She is known for her role as Stacey Sutton in the James Bond film A View to a Kill  ( 1985 )  , and as Midge Pinciotti on That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  .
The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
They have been nominated for thirteen Academy Awards together , and individually for one award each , winning Best Original Screenplay for Fargo and Best Picture , Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay for No Country for Old Men .
He has been variously called the father of palaeontology , ichnology , and architecture , and is widely considered one of the greatest painters of all time .
He is widely considered as one of the most popular actors of Hindi cinema , who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films .
Fifty Shades of Grey has topped best-seller lists around the world , selling over 125 million copies worldwide by June 2015 .
At its greatest extent , the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran , Iraq , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Turkmenistan , Turkey , western Afghanistan , and southwestern Pakistan .
John Henry `` Doc '' Holliday  ( August 14 , 1851 -- November 8 , 1887 )  was an American gambler , gunfighter , and dentist , and a good friend of Wyatt Earp .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
She is also the recipient of ten Grammy Awards , five Guinness World Records , one Emmy Award , 21 Billboard Music Awards , 11 Country Music Association Awards , eight Academy of Country Music Awards , and one Brit Award .
The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's novel of the same name .
Lieutenant General Leslie Richard Groves Jr.  ( 17 August 1896 -- 13 July 1970 )  was a United States Army Corps of Engineers officer who oversaw the construction of the Pentagon and directed the Manhattan Project , a top secret research project that developed the atomic bomb during World War II .
The New Adventures of Old Christine  ( often shortened to simply Old Christine )  is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle-aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
Episodes are standalone works , usually set in an alternative present or the near future .
A Game of Thrones is the first novel in A Song of Ice and Fire , a series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin .
Jennifer Anne Garner  ( born April 17 , 1972 )  is an American actress .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
They were first discovered by the German zoologist Johann August Ephraim Goeze in 1773 .
Born in New Orleans and raised in Tennessee , she began her career as a child actress , making her professional screen debut in The Man in the Moon  ( 1991 )  , for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award .
She was renowned for her contralto vocals and attained international stardom that continued throughout a career spanning more than 40 years as an actress in musical and dramatic roles , as a recording artist , and on concert stages .
Winnie Harlow  ( born Chantelle Brown-Young ; July 27 , 1994 )  is a Canadian fashion model , spokesperson , and activist .
He attained the rank of field marshal .
Jack Dorsey  ( born November 19 , 1976 )  is an American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur widely known as a co-founder and CEO of Twitter , and as the founder and CEO of Square , a mobile payments company .
Philip Alfred Mickelson  ( born June 16 , 1970 )  , nicknamed Lefty , is an American professional golfer .
Rai married actor Abhishek Bachchan in 2007 with whom she has one daughter .
According to Catholic teaching , Peter was ordained by Jesus in the `` Rock of My Church '' dialogue in Matthew .
She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson , and later worked with artists including Pink , Missy Elliott , and Christina Aguilera .
Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie , Lady Mallowan , DBE  ( née Miller ; 15 September 1890 -- 12 January 1976 )  was an English crime novelist , short story writer and playwright .
The show originally aired on the AMC network for five seasons , from January 20 , 2008 , to September 29 , 2013 .
Bentley Motors Limited  (  [ ˈbɛntli ]  )  is a British manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and SUVs -- and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG since 1998 .
Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 .
Three Days of the Condor  ( stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor )  is a 1975 American political thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow .
Victoria Loren `` Tori '' Kelly  ( born December 14 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and voice actress who slowly gained recognition after starting to post videos on YouTube at the age of 14 .
Kangana Ranaut  (  [ kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ ]  ; born 23 March 1986 )  is an Indian film actress .
The film is written by Larry Gross and Roberta Hanley and is adapted from the best-selling novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho .
The Berlin Wall  ( Berliner Mauer )  was a guarded concrete barrier that physically and ideologically divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989 .
Jacobs has also had a recurring role as Mimi-Rose Howard on the HBO series Girls and has appeared in films such as Gardens of the Night  ( 2008 )  , The Lookalike  ( 2014 )  , Life Partners  ( 2014 )  , Hot Tub Time Machine 2  ( 2015 )  , Do n't Think Twice  ( 2016 )  and Brother Nature  ( 2016 )  .
She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Howard Deutch , and written and produced by John Hughes .
Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 psychological drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Jonathan Tucker , Melissa Leo , David Thewlis and Erika Christensen , .
John II  ( Portuguese : João II ,  [ ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ ]  ; 3 March 1455 -- 25 October 1495 )  , the Perfect Prince  ( o Príncipe Perfeito )  , was the king of Portugal and the Algarves in 1477/1481 -- 1495 .
The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth .
His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape  ( 1989 )  won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award .
Twitter  (  [ ˈtwɪtər ]  )  is an online news and social networking service where users post and interact with messages , `` tweets '' , restricted to 140 characters .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Bourne is portrayed by Matt Damon .
Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix  ( as the young Jones in The Last Crusade )  and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall .
Kimberly `` Kim '' Kardashian West  ( born Kimberly Noel Kardashian ; October 21 , 1980 )  is an American reality television personality , socialite , actress , businesswoman and model .
The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Howard Deutch , and written and produced by John Hughes .
Kerala  (  [ ˈkɛrələ ]  )  historically known as Keralam , is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar Coast .
She was known for her screen roles in Miracle on 34th Street , Splendor in the Grass , Rebel Without a Cause , The Searchers , and West Side Story .
Peyton Williams Manning  ( born March 24 , 1976 )  is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League  ( NFL )  , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts .
After beginning his career with Manchester United in 2011 , Pogba joined Italian side Juventus in 2012 , and helped the club to four consecutive Serie A titles , as well as two Coppa Italia and two Supercoppa Italiana titles .
Among 30 Borrelia known species , it is one of four which are likely to infect humans causing a variant of Lyme disease .
Authorities within the United States have also accused al-Baghdadi of kidnapping , enslaving , and repeatedly raping an American citizen , Kayla Mueller , who was later killed .
It is the sequel to the 1985 film Back to the Future and the second installment in the Back to the Future trilogy .
Tessanne Amanda Chin  (  [ ˈtɛs ' æn tʃɪn ]  born September 20 , 1985 )  is a Jamaican recording artist , best known for winning Season 5 of NBC 's reality TV singing competition The Voice as part of Adam Levine 's team .
Snooki & Jwoww  ( sometimes rendered Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources )  is an American reality television series on MTV starring Snooki and JWoww .
As a child he developed a love of literature , kitchen sink realism and popular music .
Adrianne Lee Palicki  ( born May 6 , 1983 )  is an American actress best known for her roles as Tyra Collette in the television series Friday Night Lights  ( 2006 -- 2011 )  and supporting roles in the films Legion  ( 2010 )  , Red Dawn  ( 2012 )  , G.I. Joe : Retaliation  ( 2013 )  , and John Wick  ( 2014 )  .
Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks .
Kumkum Bhagya  ( English : Vermillion In My Fate )  is a Hindi-language Indian soap opera which premiered on 15 April 2014 .
Most Azerbaijanis however , do not actively practice any religion , and the country has been seen to be one of the most irreligious countries in the Muslim world , with 53 % stating religion has little to no importance in their lives , according to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls .
Besides singing , she plays keyboards , percussion , banjo , and ukulele .
Nevertheless , Rooney 's popularity was renewed with well-received supporting roles in films such as Requiem for a Heavyweight  ( 1962 )  , It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World  ( 1963 )  , and The Black Stallion  ( 1979 )  .
The university is made up of a variety of institutions , including 38 constituent colleges and a full range of academic departments which are organised into four divisions .
Walter hires lawyer Saul Goodman  ( Bob Odenkirk )  , who connects him with private investigator and fixer Mike Ehrmantraut  ( Jonathan Banks )  and in turn Mike 's employer , drug kingpin Gus Fring  ( Giancarlo Esposito )  .
The miniseries was written by Richard Price and Steven Zaillian and directed by Zaillian and James Marsh .
The song was co-written by Cyrus , Antonina Armato and Tim James , and produced by John Fields .
Evans began his career on the stage , performing in many of London 's West End productions such as Rent , Miss Saigon , and Piaf before getting his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake .
After training under the theatre director Arvind Gaur , Ranaut made her feature film debut in the 2006 thriller Gangster , for which she was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut .
Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral , who claimed the area for the Portuguese Empire .
Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American Technicolor war film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film .
Italian is spoken by small minorities in places such as France  ( especially in Corsica )  , Montenegro , Crimea and Tunisia and by large expatriate communities in the Americas and Australia .
The Walt Disney Company , commonly known as Disney , is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate , headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
Mark Richard Hamill  ( born September 25 , 1951 )  is an American actor , voice actor , producer and writer .
The members of Radiohead self-produced the album with Nigel Godrich , an arrangement that the band has used on all of their subsequent albums to date .
Nominated for 20 Academy Awards , Streep has more nominations than any other actor , and is one of the six actors to have won three or more competitive Oscars for acting .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
He also had a leading role in the 2014 independent romantic comedy ensemble , Mutual Friends , and guest roles in television series such as NBC 's 30 Rock and Fox 's Glee .
In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 .
The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album .
The song also attained top ten placements in twelve other countries , reaching the top five in Australia , Canada , the Netherlands , New Zealand and the United Kingdom .
The film received four more Academy Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Sound Editing , Best Animated Feature and Best Original Song , winning the latter two .
Francis Ford Coppola  (  [ pronˈkoʊpələ ]  born April 7 , 1939 )  , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Jane Eyre  [ ˈɛər ]   ( originally published as Jane Eyre : An Autobiography )  is a novel by English writer Charlotte Brontë .
Abu ` l-Fath Jalal-ud-din Muhammad  ( 15 October 1542 -- 27 October 1605 )  , popularly known as Akbar I  (  [ əkbər ]  , literally `` the great '' )  and later Akbar the Great , was the third Mughal emperor , who reigned from 1556 to 1605 .
Rickman trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London , and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company , performing in modern and classical theatre productions .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
He operates primarily as a central midfielder and is comfortable playing both in attack and defence .
She is well known for her role as Dr. Remy `` Thirteen '' Hadley on the award-winning medical television series House  ( 2007 -- 12 )  and her roles in Alpha Dog  ( 2007 )  , Tron : Legacy  ( 2010 )  , Cowboys & Aliens  ( 2011 )  , Her  ( 2013 )  , Drinking Buddies  ( 2013 )  , and Rush  ( 2013 )  .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
Often ranked the best player in the world and widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time , Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation , during its 100th anniversary celebrations in 2015 .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance .
STS-96 launched from Kennedy Space Center , Florida , on 27 May 1999 at 06:49:42 AM EDT .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Bernard Lawrence `` Bernie '' Madoff  (  [ ˈmeɪdɒf ]  born April 29 , 1938 )  is an American fraudster and a former stockbroker , investment advisor , and financier .
The Challenge  ( originally known as Road Rules : All Stars , followed by Real World/Road Rules Challenge )  is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network 's two reality shows , Real World and Road Rules .
The French Revolution  ( Révolution française  [ ʁevɔlysjɔ̃ fʁɑ̃sɛːz ]  )  was a period of far-reaching social and political upheaval in France that lasted from 1789 until 1799 , and was partially carried forward by Napoleon during the later expansion of the French Empire .
Punk rock  ( or simply `` punk '' )  is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid-1970s in the United States , United Kingdom , and Australia .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies .
Love & Mercy  ( stylized as love & mercy )  is a 2014 American biographical drama film directed and co-produced by Bill Pohlad , co-produced by Claire Rudnick-Polstein and John Wells and written by Michael Alan Lerner and Oren Moverman .
He is best known for his Oscar-winning films Women in Love  ( 1969 )  , The Devils  ( 1971 )  , The Who 's Tommy  ( 1975 )  , and the science fiction film Altered States  ( 1980 )  .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
Sir James Paul McCartney ,  ( born 18 June 1942 )  is an English singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and composer .
They developed a culture of custodianship and time-related technologies based on this perception which includes strictly controlled space/time travel machines  ( known as `` TARDISes '' )  and monitoring devices to travel through time and to prevent time from being subverted or abused -- although actual action was described as rare in practice due to their traditional policy of strict non-interference and neutrality .
The English Civil War  ( 1642 -- 1651 )  was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians  ( `` Roundheads '' )  and Royalists  ( `` Cavaliers '' )  over , principally , the manner of England 's government .
The film stars Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie in a world where people can only tell the truth .
Justin Pierre James Trudeau  ( born December 25 , 1971 )  is a Canadian politician .
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Best Original Score at the 83rd Academy Awards , but lost to Toy Story 3 and The Social Network , respectively .
Equidae  ( sometimes known as the horse family )  is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils .
One of the most popular contemporary female recording artists , she is known for narrative songs about her personal life , which has received much media attention .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
Sally Margaret Field  ( born November 6 , 1946 )  is an American actress and director .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director  ( Benh Zeitlin )  , Best Adapted Screenplay  ( Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin )  , and Best Actress  ( Quvenzhané Wallis )  .
Mark Richard Hamill  ( born September 25 , 1951 )  is an American actor , voice actor , producer and writer .
Uzbekistan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States  ( CIS )  , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  ( OSCE )  , UN , and the SCO .
Hungary  (  [ ˈhʌŋɡəri ]  Magyarország  [ ˈmɒɟɒrorsaːɡ ]  )  is a unitary parliamentary republic in Central Europe .
It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name , and stars Tony Goldwyn , Monica Potter , Garret Dillahunt , Spencer Treat Clark , Martha MacIsaac and Sara Paxton .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  is a non-profit , non-partisan , non-violent volunteer citizens ' rights action group .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
Judith Quiney  ( baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 )  , née Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare .
It was written by Sia Furler together with its producers , Benny Blanco and StarGate .
The film is directed by Joe Johnston , with a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker and David Self , and creature make-up effects by Rick Baker and stars Benicio del Toro , Anthony Hopkins , Emily Blunt , Hugo Weaving , and Geraldine Chaplin .
It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area .
The film is directed by James Mangold and stars Meg Ryan , Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
The population of the city has increased tenfold since the 1950s , as migrants from across Anatolia have moved in and city limits have expanded to accommodate them .
A cult film , also commonly referred to as a cult classic , is a film that has acquired a cult following .
Bedazzled is a 2000 fantasy-comedy film remake of the 1967 film of the same name , originally written by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore , which was itself a comic retelling of the Faust legend .
Cindy Lou Hensley McCain  ( born May 20 , 1954 )  is an American businesswoman , philanthropist , and humanitarian , and the wife of long-time United States Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain of Arizona .
While she is best known for an ongoing acting career spanning more than two decades , she has increasingly become involved in global humanitarian efforts and political activism .
Boston University  ( commonly referred to as BU )  is a private research university located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .
In Her Shoes is a 2005 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Jennifer Weiner .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Crystal Palace Football Club is a professional football club based in South Norwood , London , that plays in the Premier League , the top tier of English football .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
Donkey is a fast-talking donkey created by William Steig and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise .
Karl Rudolf Gerd von Rundstedt  ( 12 December 1875 -- 24 February 1953 )  was a Field Marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II .
Archimedes of Syracuse  (  [ ˌɑːkɪˈmiːdiːz ]  Ἀρχιμήδης )  was a Greek mathematician , physicist , engineer , inventor , and astronomer .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game .
Rose was born and raised in the Chicago area , and attended Simeon Career Academy .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
Water is a transparent and nearly colorless chemical substance that is the main constituent of Earth 's streams , lakes , and oceans , and the fluids of most living organisms .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
On May 10 , 2013 , the final component of the skyscraper 's spire was installed , making the building , including its spire , reach a total height of 1776 ft. Its height in feet is a deliberate reference to the year when the United States Declaration of Independence was signed .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Harry Potter is a British-American film series based on the Harry Potter novels by author J. K. Rowling .
He has voiced main characters on animated series Uncle Grandpa and Penn Zero : Part-Time HeroHe played the role of Bumper Allen in the musical films Pitch Perfect and Pitch Perfect 2 .
Thomas John Patrick `` Tom '' Welling  ( born April 26 , 1977 )  is an American actor , director , producer , and model best known for his role as Clark Kent in The WB/CW superhero drama Smallville  ( 2001 -- 11 )  .
He served three terms in the Senate from 1949 to 1964 and was the Democratic Majority Whip from 1961 to 1964 .
Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman .
The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid .
The Poona Pact refers to an agreement between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi signed on 24 September 1932 at Yerwada Central Jail in Pune , India .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
Philadelphia is the economic and cultural anchor of the Delaware Valleya region located in the Northeastern United States at the confluence of the Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers with 7.2 million people residing in the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States .
Baloo  ( भालू Bhālū , `` bear '' )  is a main fictional character featured in Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book from 1894 and The Second Jungle Book from 1895 .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
Natalie Portman  ( born Neta-Lee Hershlag , נטע-לי הרשלג June 9 , 1981 )  is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship .
Prometheus  (  [ prəˈmiːθiəs ]  )  is a 2012 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace , Michael Fassbender , Guy Pearce , Idris Elba , Logan Marshall-Green and Charlize Theron .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .
Duvall has starred in numerous films and television series , including To Kill a Mockingbird  ( 1962 )  , The Twilight Zone  ( 1963 )  , The Outer Limits  ( 1964 )  , Bullitt  ( 1968 )  , True Grit  ( 1969 )  , MASH  ( 1970 )  , THX 1138  ( 1971 )  , Joe Kidd  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather  ( 1972 )  , The Godfather Part II  ( 1974 )  , The Conversation  ( 1974 )  , Network  ( 1976 )  , Apocalypse Now  ( 1979 )  , The Great Santini  ( 1979 )  , Lonesome Dove  ( 1989 )  , The Handmaid 's Tale  ( 1990 )  , Rambling Rose  ( 1991 )  , and Falling Down  ( 1993 )  .
The NSA is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , a discipline known as signals intelligence  ( SIGINT )  .
Sir Andrew Maxwell `` Andy '' Dwyer KBE  [ ˈdwaɪ.ər ]  is a fictional character in the NBC comedy Parks and Recreation portrayed by Chris Pratt .
The Bravo Award is an annual award which is handed out by the Italian magazine Guerin Sportivo to the most outstanding young European footballer .
Jennifer Grey  ( born March 26 , 1960 )  is an American actress .
Devdas is a 2002 Indian romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and based on the 1917 Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's novel Devdas .
John Dennis Hastert  (  [ ˈhæstərt ]  born January 2 , 1942 )  is an American former congressman who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007 , representing from 1987 to 2007 .
An early role of his was that of the young autistic Jacob `` Jake '' Bohm in the TV series Touch .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
Grand Theft Auto V is an action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
The Voice is an American reality television singing competition broadcast on NBC .
One Direction  ( commonly abbreviated as 1D )  are an English-Irish pop boy band based in London , composed of Niall Horan , Liam Payne , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , and previously , Zayn Malik until his departure from the band on 25 March 2015 .
Nerruku Ner  ( Face to Face )  is a 1997 Tamil dramatic thriller film written and directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam .
After the European discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 .
Kristoffer `` Kris '' Kristofferson  ( born June 22 , 1936 )  is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and actor .
Steven Andrew Soderbergh  (  [ ˈsoʊdərbɜrɡ ]  born January 14 , 1963 )  is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor .
My Own Private Idaho had its premiere at the 48th Venice International Film Festival , and received largely positive reviews from critics including Roger Ebert and those of The New York Times and Entertainment Weekly .
On June 29 , 2009 , Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .
Buddhism  (  [ pronˈbʊdɪzəm ]  or  [ ˈbuːdɪzəm ]  )  is an Indian religion and dharma that encompasses a variety of traditions , beliefs and spiritual practices largely based on teachings attributed to the Buddha .
The Dogs D'Amour are a rock and roll band formed in 1983 in London , England .
With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 .
Ayn Rand  (  [ ˈaɪn ˈrænd ]  born Alisa Zinov ` yevna Rosenbaum , Али́са Зино́вьевна Розенба́ум -- March 6 , 1982 )  was a Russian-American novelist , philosopher , playwright , and screenwriter .
The Queen has since been voiced by Eleanor Audley , June Foray , Janet Waldo , Eda Reiss Merin , Louise Chamis and Susanne Blakeslee , and was portrayed live by Anne Francine  ( musical )  , Jane Curtin  ( 50th anniversary TV special )  , and Olivia Wilde  ( Disney Dream Portraits )  , Kathy Najimy  ( Descendants )  , and in an alternative version , by Lana Parrilla  ( Once Upon a Time )  .
In 2013 , he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and in 2016 reprised his role in Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
It is directed by Curtis Hanson with an adapted screenplay by Susannah Grant and stars Cameron Diaz , Toni Collette , and Shirley MacLaine .
One by One is the fourth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters , released on October 22 , 2002 by RCA .
Alexander Hamilton  ( January 11 , 1755 or 1757July 12 , 1804 )  was an American statesman and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Nicknamed `` The Mailman '' , Malone played the power forward position and spent his first 18 seasons  ( 1985 -- 2003 )  in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  with the Utah Jazz and formed a formidable duo with his teammate John Stockton .
The film co-stars Forest Whitaker , Kimberly Elise , Nate Parker , Gina Ravera , Jermaine Williams and Jurnee Smollett .
Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons .
He produced the 1973 movie The Sting , for which he shared the Academy Award for Best Picture with Michael Phillips and Julia Phillips .
The original series , Scooby-Doo , Where Are You !
On Earth , 99 % of glacial ice is contained within vast ice sheets in the polar regions , but glaciers may be found in mountain ranges on every continent except Australia , and on a few high-latitude oceanic islands .
Nickelodeon  ( often shortened to and known in the United States as Nick )  is an American basic cable and satellite television network launched on December 1 , 1977 , and is owned by Viacom through Viacom Media Networks and based in New York City .
Spencer Bonaventure Tracy  ( April 5 , 1900 -- June 10 , 1967 )  was an American actor , noted for his natural style and versatility .
Paul Dano and John Cusack star as the young and middle-aged Wilson , respectively , with Elizabeth Banks as Wilson 's second wife Melinda Ledbetter , and Paul Giamatti as Wilson 's psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy .
He is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time .
Tetris  ( , pronounced  [ ˈtɛtrʲɪs ]  )  is a tile-matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov .
It won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and was also nominated for Song of the Year at the 2004 ceremony .
During his reign , Justinian sought to revive the empire 's greatness and reconquer the lost western half of the historical Roman Empire .
On television , her best known roles include Kitty Sanchez on Arrested Development , Ingrid Nelson/Fatty Magoo on It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , Trixie on Californication , and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer .
It was directed by Robert Luketic , scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Luke Wilson , Selma Blair , Matthew Davis , Victor Garber , and Jennifer Coolidge .
Alexander Yevgenievich Lebedev  (  [ Алекса́ндр Евге́ньевич Ле́бедев , p = ɐlʲɪˈksandr jɪvˈɡʲenʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ˈlʲebʲɪdʲɪf ]  born 16 December 1959 )  is a Russian businessman , referred to as one of the Russian oligarchs .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
Kumail Nanjiani  ( born February 21 , 1978 )  is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian , actor , writer , and podcast host .
It is located on the China-Pakistan border between Baltistan , in the Gilgit-Baltistan region of northern Pakistan , and the Taxkorgan Tajik Autonomous County of Xinjiang , China .
She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends , Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream , and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town , for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination .
Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .
The USC School of Cinematic Arts  ( formerly the USC School of Cinema-Television , or CNTV )  is a private media School within the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , in the U.S. state of California .
The character was originally created by Bob Kane , Bill Finger , and Jerry Robinson , to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman .
In 2016 , Pogba was named to the 2015 UEFA Team of the Year as well as the 2015 FIFA FIFPro World XI , after helping Juventus to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final .
`` Glamorous '' is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album , The Dutchess  ( 2006 )  .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
Joan Crawford  ( born Lucille Fay LeSueur ; March 23 , c. 1904 -- May 10 , 1977 )  was an American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl .
All extant species are in the genus Equus .
Plutonium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol Pu and atomic number 94 .
Broadcast News is a 1987 romantic comedy-drama film written , produced and directed by James L. Brooks .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
The castle , which has been a Grade I listed building since 1951 , underwent a major restoration in the early 20th century .
Joaquín Rafael Phoenix  (  [ ˌhwɑːˈkiːn ]  born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 )  , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist .
Chris McKenna is an American television writer , producer and film writer .
It is the first novel of the Blue Lagoon trilogy , which also includes The Garden of God  ( 1923 )  and The Gates of Morning  ( 1925 )  .
Ricin  (  [ ˈraɪsɪn ]  )  is a highly toxic , naturally occurring lectin  ( a carbohydrate-binding protein )  produced in the seeds of the castor oil plant , Ricinus communis .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
Turner has also starred in the television film The Thirteenth Tale  ( 2013 )  and she made her feature film debut in Another Me  ( 2013 )  .
Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years .
Two years later , he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .
The American modern liberal philosophy strongly endorses public spending on programs such as education , health care , and welfare .
Dany Rigoulot is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles .
She played the younger version of the female lead in the 2014 film The Best of Me and starred in the 2010 films , Trust and The Last Sin Eater .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
He was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Most Promising Newcomer for his role as Skank in the 2003 production of In Arabia We 'd All Be Kings , and was awarded the 2003 London Evening Standard Theatre Award for Outstanding Newcomer for his performances in both In Arabia We 'd All be Kings and for his role as Luca in Blood .
The first installment , Twilight , was released on November 21 , 2008 .
For his work as an artist , Phoenix has received a Grammy Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson  ( born July 9 , 1947 )  , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .
In 1983 , readers of Guitar Player voted him Best New Talent and Best Electric Blues Guitar Player .
Sarah Catharine Paulson  ( born December 17 , 1974 )  is an American actress .
As of November 2013 , Sharone began working with Marilyn Manson on a new album .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
Peter Gene Hernandez  ( born October 8 , 1985 )  , known professionally as Bruno Mars  (  [ ˈmɑrz ]  )  , is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , and choreographer .
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation .
From a prominent political family , he is the eldest son of Barbara and George H. W. Bush , the 41st President of the United States , making him only the second president to assume the nation 's highest office after his father , following the lead of John Quincy Adams .
The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe .
Conflicts with the Russian Empire in 19th century led to significant territorial losses .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor , and as a producer since 2005 .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
Ecuador also includes the Galápagos Islands in the Pacific , about 1000 km west of the mainland .
It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations .
His brother , Jeb Bush , a former Governor of Florida , was a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
Beijing  ( formerly romanised as Peking )  is the capital of the People 's Republic of China and the world 's third most populous city proper .
Phantoms is a 1998 American science fiction horror film adapted from Dean Koontz 's 1983 novel of the same name .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
It is notable for being the film debut for both Cornish , Boyega , and future Academy Award-winning composer Steven Price .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
The lyrics are by DuBose Heyward , the author of the novel Porgy on which the opera was based , although the song is also co-credited to Ira Gershwin by ASCAP .
The film was directed by Jeff Nichols , who also wrote the screenplay .
Justified was nominated for eight Primetime Emmy Awards , with two wins , for Margo Martindale 's performance as Mags Bennett and Jeremy Davies ' performance as Dickie Bennett .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
Hungary is a member of the United Nations , NATO , WTO , World Bank , the AIIB , the Council of Europe and Visegrád Group .
In Germanic mythology , Odin  ( from Old Norse Óðinn )  is a widely revered god .
Founded as the Primettes in Detroit , Michigan , in 1959 , the Supremes were the most commercially successful of Motown 's acts and are , to date , America 's most successful vocal group with 12 number one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 .
The Workers ' Party of Korea  ( WPK )  , led by a member of the ruling family , holds power in the state and leads the Democratic Front for the Reunification of the Fatherland of which all political officers are required to be members .
Contracts were signed and work began on the films , adapted from Sidetracked , Firewall and One Step Behind , in January 2008 .
One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards .
Following industry trends , its weekday circulation had fallen in 2009 to fewer than one million .
Bharathi Arun  ( born 14 December 1962 in Vijayawada , Andhra Pradesh )  was an Indian Test cricketer .
The Divergent Series is a feature film series based on the Divergent novels by the American author Veronica Roth .
A Perfect Circle is an American rock supergroup formed in 1999 by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan .
Leighton Marissa Meester  ( born April 9 , 1986 )  is an American actress , singer-songwriter and model .
The film features Ranveer Singh , Arjun Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Irrfan Khan in the principal roles .
Merlin is a British fantasy-adventure television programme created by Julian Jones , Jake Michie , Julian Murphy , and Johnny Capps , starring Colin Morgan in the title role .
The West Wing is an American serial political drama television series created by Aaron Sorkin that was originally broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1999 , to May 14 , 2006 .
The film was written by husband and wife team Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .
In October 2007 , Reznor announced that Nine Inch Nails had fulfilled its contractual commitments to Interscope , effectively ending the band 's relationship with the label ; thus Year Zero was the last Nine Inch Nails studio album released on the Interscope label .
Felicity Kendall Huffman  ( born December 9 , 1962 )  is an American film , stage , and television actress .
Vallejo  (  [ vəˈleɪ.oʊ ,   - hoʊ ]  ; Spanish :  [ baˈʎexo ]  )  is a waterfront port city in Solano County , California , located in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Frederick Trump  ( born Friedrich Trump ; March 14 , 1869 -- May 27 , 1918 )  was a German American businessman .
Other arguments for the existence of God have been proposed by St. Anselm , who formulated the first ontological argument ; Ibn Rushd  ( Averroes )  and Thomas Aquinas , who presented their own versions of the cosmological argument  ( the kalam argument and the first way , respectively )  ; René Descartes , who said that the existence of a benevolent God is logically necessary for the evidence of the senses to be meaningful ; and Immanuel Kant , who argued that the existence of God can be deduced from the existence of good .
Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate .
The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr.  ( born September 27 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Lil Wayne , is an American hip hop recording artist .
Michael Edward `` Mike '' Love  ( born March 15 , 1941 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beach Boys .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
Pembroke Castle  ( Castell Penfro )  is a medieval castle in Pembroke , West Wales .
Take Me High is a 1973 British feature film , directed by David Askey , written by Christopher Penfold and starring Cliff Richard in his final film role , with Deborah Watling , Hugh Griffith , George Cole and Anthony Andrews .
The movie was written and directed by Matt Mulhern and released by IFC Films in November 2005 .
Estella Dawn Warren  ( born December 23 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress , fashion model , and former synchronized swimmer .
Described as an anthology series , each season is conceived as a self-contained miniseries , following a disparate set of characters and settings , and a storyline with its own `` beginning , middle , and end . ''
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records .
A second season was confirmed on August 3 , 2012 , and premiered on January 8 , 2013 .
At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are -- in order from northwest to southeast : Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Lānai , Kahoolawe , Maui , and the Island of Hawaii .
The cell  ( from Latin cella , meaning `` small room '' )  is the basic structural , functional , and biological unit of all known living organisms .
First published in 1961 , it is the world 's second-most widely read English-language business newspaper , after the Wall Street Journal , with a readership of over 800,000 .
Antarctica is a desert , with annual precipitation of only 200 mm  ( 8 in )  along the coast and far less inland .
The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , one of 13 United States courts of appeals , and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , one of 12 Federal Reserve Banks .
Trevor Berbick  ( August 1 , 1954 -- October 28 , 2006 )  was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer who competed from 1976 to 2000 .
Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by singer Marilyn Manson and guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , in 1989 .
As an `` alpha '' global city , Mexico City is one of the most important financial centers in the Americas .
Kennedy John Victor , known professionally as Vikram or Chiyaan Vikram , is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil language films and has won seven Filmfare Awards as well as one National Film Award and Tamil Nadu State Film Award amongst other recognitions and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate by the People 's University of Milan in May 2011 .
The Constitution of Denmark was signed on 5 June 1849 , ending the absolute monarchy which had begun in 1660 .
For his on-screen work he received four Academy Awards , two British Academy Film Awards , five Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards .
The series follows an anthology format , with each season set in a different era with a different story , cast , and set of characters ; however , each season shares a common chronology with the original film .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
Pritchett 's family includes his second wife , her son and his stepson , as well as his two adult children and their spouses and children .
Pluto  ( minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto )  is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune .
Pamela Denise Anderson  ( born July 1 , 1967 )  is a Canadian American actress and model known for her roles on the television series Home Improvement , Baywatch and V.I.P. .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
John William Ferrell  (  [ ˈfɛrəl ]  born July 16 , 1967 )  is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
Lennon revealed a rebellious nature and acerbic wit in his music , writing , drawings , on film and in interviews .
Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour by American singer John Mayer .
Australia is a member of the United Nations , G20 , Commonwealth of Nations , ANZUS , Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  ( OECD )  , World Trade Organization , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , and the Pacific Islands Forum .
Gianluigi `` Gigi '' Buffon  (  [ ˈdʒiːdʒi bufˈfɔn ]  , Ufficiale OMRI ; born 28 January 1978 )  is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
He is the co-founder of Wikipedia , the online non-profit encyclopedia , and the for-profit web hosting company Wikia .
She achieved further fame for playing the protagonist in the 2012 musical comedy Pitch Perfect and the 2015 sequel , Pitch Perfect 2 .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
Donald McNichol Sutherland ,  ( born 17 July 1935 )  is a Canadian actor whose film career spans five decades .
Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 .
Edward James `` Ed '' Solomon  ( born September 15 , 1960 )  is an American writer , producer and director .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
`` Nosedive '' is the first episode of the third series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror .
The film received positive reviews from critics and grossed over $ 318 million worldwide from its $ 20 million budget , making it one of the highest-grossing horror films of all time .
Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products .
Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor , but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films .
She reached her career-high WTA singles ranking of World No. 76 on 10 September 2001 and a doubles ranking of World No. 215 on 24 August 1998 .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
The screenplay was by Robert Bolt and it was based on the book Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian  ( 1972 )  by Richard Hough .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees .
The Ford Motor Company  ( commonly referred to simply as `` Ford '' )  is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Chakraborty is best remembered for his role as Jimmy in the movie Disco Dancer which was a superhit in India and also in many other countries in the world , especially Russia .
Supernatural is an American fantasy horror television series created by Eric Kripke .
In 2015 , she headlined the action comedy film Spy , for which she received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical nomination .
Plutonium is a transuranic radioactive chemical element with symbol Pu and atomic number 94 .
He was awarded the Order of Manitoba on July 14 , 2006 , and was made an Officer of the Order of Canada on December 30 , 2009 .
RuPaul Andre Charles  ( born November 17 , 1960 )  , known professionally by the mononym RuPaul , is an American actor , drag queen , television personality , and singer/songwriter .
The song features vocals from American rapper Ludacris .
It is a sequel to Welcome and features an ensemble cast that includes Anil Kapoor , Nana Patekar , John Abraham , Shruti Haasan , Paresh Rawal , Dimple Kapadia and Naseeruddin Shah .
The album became the best-selling album in the US and the second best-seller worldwide in 2005 and produced `` We Belong Together , '' which became her most successful single of the 2000s , and was later named `` Song of the Decade '' by Billboard .
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club , New Directions , which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues , especially regarding sexuality and race , relationships , and learning to become an effective team .
It moved to FXX beginning with the ninth season , and has remained there since .
The anime series began airing in the United States and Canada in 2005 , and in the United Kingdom and Australia in 2006 and 2007 , respectively .
The Group of Seven  ( G7 )  was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada  ( since 1976 )  and the President of the European Commission  ( starting officially in 1981 )  .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
The Isle of Man  (  [ ˈmæn ]  Mannin  [ ˈmanɪn ]  or Ellan Vannin  [ ˈɛlʲən ˈvanɪn ]  )  , also known simply as Mann , is a self-governing crown dependency in the Irish Sea between the islands of Great Britain and Ireland .
Michael Giacchino  (  [ dʒakˈkiːno ]  ; born October 10 , 1967 )  is an American composer of music for films , television and video games .
Robbie Collin is a British film critic .
The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards  ( previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 )  -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award .
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 .
This Is Us is an American television series created by Dan Fogelman that premiered on NBC on September 20 , 2016 .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Efforts to prevent dementia include trying to decrease risk factors such as high blood pressure , smoking , diabetes , and obesity .
The film was notable because Divya Bharti was to star as the lead role Sheetal , filming most of the film .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba ,  (  [ ˈɪdrᵻs ˈɛlbə ]  born 6 September 1972 )  is an English actor , musician , and DJ .
The Houston Rockets are an American professional basketball team based in Houston , Texas .
The United States Naval Academy  ( also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy )  is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States .
Remote Control Productions has been responsible for the scores for a number of successful live-action films including the Pirates of the Caribbean movies , Iron Man , Gladiator , Mission : Impossible 2 , The Last Samurai , Transformers , Hancock , Kingdom of Heaven , The Da Vinci Code , Inception , Sherlock Holmes and its sequel , and The Dark Knight Trilogy , along with successful animated films such as the Shrek series , Kung Fu Panda , Madagascar , The Lion King , and more .
He is an operatically trained vocalist and is also a Cantopop and Mandopop star , having released a number of albums and sung many of the theme songs for the films in which he has starred .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
Among numerous awards and accolades , Rihanna has won eight Grammy Awards , twelve American Music Awards , twelve Billboard Music Awards and the inaugural Icon Award at the American Music Awards of 2013 .
As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller The Hunger Games , it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem .
The Government of France honoured him with its highest civilian honour , Knight of the Legion of Honour , in 2007 for his exceptional career in the world of cinema and beyond .
Texas  (  [ ˈtɛksəs ]  ,  [ localˈtɛksᵻz ]  Texas or Tejas  [ ˈtexas ]  )  is the second largest state in the United States by both area and population .
Conan Christopher O'Brien  ( born April 18 , 1963 )  is an American television host , comedian , and television producer .
She appeared in a Buick Super Bowl commercial during Super Bowl 50 .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
Louise Simonson  ( born Mary Louise Alexander ; born September 26 , 1946 )  is an American comic book writer and editor .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
Lionel Andrés `` Leo '' Messi  (  [ ljoˈnel anˈdɾes ˈmesi ]  ; born 24 June 1987 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
The film received positive reviews from critics and has grossed over $ 238 million worldwide , but created controversy with its portrayal of the National Transportation Safety Board  ( NTSB )  .
Nicknamed `` The Bambino '' and `` The Sultan of Swat '' , he began his MLB career as a stellar left-handed pitcher for the Boston Red Sox , but achieved his greatest fame as a slugging outfielder for the New York Yankees .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Gil Sharone is an American drummer and member of the band Stolen Babies , Marilyn Manson , Team Sleep , and formerly The Dillinger Escape Plan .
Oswald shot and killed Kennedy as the President traveled by motorcade through Dealey Plaza in the city of Dallas , Texas .
In 2012 , the book received an Alex Award from the Young Adult Library Services Association division of the American Library Association and won the 2012 Prometheus Award .
After singing in church during her childhood , she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager .
He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .
Today , Disney is the only member of the Big Six whose parent entity is still located near Los Angeles  ( actually , on Disney 's studio lot and in the same building )  .
The Irish Football Association described him as the `` greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland '' .
Formerly a Dutch colony  ( 1638 -- 1710 )  and a French colony  ( 1715 -- 1810 )  , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence .
She began her career in television , making appearances in commercials and television shows , and later appeared in the films Jaws : The Revenge , The Land Before Time , and All Dogs Go to Heaven , supplying the voice for animated characters in the latter two .
Worcester  (  [ ˈwʊstər ]  ,  [ ˈwʊstə ]  )  is a city and the county seat of Worcester County , Massachusetts , United States .
How I Met Your Mother  ( often abbreviated to HIMYM )  is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19 , 2005 to March 31 , 2014 .
   NOTOC   
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn  ( Ordo Hermeticus Aurorae Aureae or , more commonly , The Golden Dawn  ( Aurora Aurea )  )  was an organization devoted to the study and practice of the occult , metaphysics , and paranormal activities during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
AWS ' version of virtual computers have most of the attributes of a real computer including hardware  ( CPU  ( s )  & GPU  ( s )  for processing , local/RAM memory , hard-disk/SSD storage )  ; a choice of operating systems ; networking ; and pre-loaded application software such as web servers , databases , CRM ... nearly anything .
Modern Family  ( stylized as modern family )  is an American television mockumentary sitcom that premiered on ABC on September 23 , 2009 , which follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family , all of whom live in suburban Los Angeles .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
He currently resides in Washington , D.C. His presidential library will be built in Chicago .
It was released on November 10 , 2014 , by Island Records .
The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in Oakland , California .
One of the oldest cities in the United States , Boston was founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from England .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road film starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels .
He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China .
Outkast  ( stylized as OutKast )  is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers André `` André 3000 '' Benjamin  ( formerly known as Dré )  and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton .
Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
Xi joined the Politburo Standing Committee and central secretariat in October 2007 , spending the next five years as Hu Jintao 's presumed successor .
A number of consistent techniques have evolved in volleyball , including spiking and blocking  ( because these plays are made above the top of the net , the vertical jump is an athletic skill emphasized in the sport )  as well as passing , setting , and specialized player positions and offensive and defensive structures .
Jack Reacher  ( formerly called One Shot , or alternatively known as Jack Reacher : One Shot )  is a 2012 American action thriller film written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie , based on Lee Child 's 2005 novel One Shot .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Paul Reiser co-stars as the student 's father .
Beevers has worked extensively at the Orange Tree Theatre in Richmond upon Thames , both as an actor  ( including the title role in Jules Romain 's Doctor Knock , 1994 )  ; and as an adaptor/director of George Eliot 's novel Adam Bede  ( February 1990 )  , for which he won a Time Out Award , and Honoré de Balzac 's Père Goriot  ( February 1994 )  .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
Charles Lewis Haley  ( born January 6 , 1964 )  is a former American football linebacker and defensive end who played in the National Football League  ( NFL )  for the San Francisco 49ers  ( 1986 -- 1991 , 1998 -- 1999 )  and the Dallas Cowboys  ( 1992 -- 1996 )  .
In addition to acting , Kapoor supports charities , hosts award ceremonies , and has featured as a talent judge on the dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa Reloaded  ( 2015 )  .
He is known for his stage role as Hamlet ; his roles in the television series Nathan Barley , Criminal Justice , The Hour and London Spy ; and film roles including Perfume : The Story of a Murderer  ( 2006 )  , I 'm Not There  ( 2007 )  , Bright Star  ( 2009 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Cloud Atlas  ( 2012 )  , The Lobster  ( 2015 )  , Suffragette  ( 2015 )  and The Danish Girl  ( 2015 )  .
Mary Louise `` Meryl '' Streep  ( born June 22 , 1949 )  is an American actress and philanthropist .
He has been influential in popular music and culture for more than five decades .
Alice is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Mia Farrow , Joe Mantegna and William Hurt .
He is known for his portrayals of William Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love  ( 1998 )  , for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role , Sir Robert Dudley in Elizabeth  ( 1998 )  , Commisar Danilov in Enemy at the Gates  ( 2001 )  , and Monsignor Timothy Howard in the second season of the TV series American Horror Story  ( 2012 -- 2013 )  .
Return to Paradise is a remake of the 1989 French film Force majeure .
The state had no formal relations with Northern Ireland for most of the twentieth century , but during the 1980s and 1990s the British and Irish governments worked with the Northern Ireland parties towards a resolution to `` the Troubles '' .
Sutherland rose to fame after starring in series of successful films including The Dirty Dozen  ( 1967 )  , M * A * S * H  ( 1970 )  , Kelly 's Heroes  ( 1970 )  , Klute  ( 1971 )  , Do n't Look Now  ( 1973 )  , Fellini 's Casanova  ( 1976 )  , 1900  ( 1976 )  , Animal House  ( 1978 )  , Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , Ordinary People  ( 1980 )  and Eye of the Needle  ( 1981 )  .
Featuring musical arrangements by Marc Shaiman , the film stars Whoopi Goldberg as a Reno lounge singer who has been put under protective custody in a San Francisco convent of Poor Clares and has to pretend to be a nun when a mob boss puts her on his hit list .
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse  ( Anna Paquin )  , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind .
He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , Iron Man 2  ( 2010 )  , The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , Iron Man 3  ( 2013 )  , and Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise .
RMS Titanic  (  [ taɪˈtænɪk ]  )  was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in the early morning of 15 April 1912 , after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City .
The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas , tin , copper and gold .
Justin Drew Bieber  (  [ ˈbiːbər ]  born March 1 , 1994 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift  ( 1982 )  , Mr. Mom  ( 1983 )  , Johnny Dangerously  ( 1984 )  and Beetlejuice  ( 1988 )  , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman  ( 1989 )  and Batman Returns  ( 1992 )  .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis `` Bad '' Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show  ( 1971 )  , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot  ( 1974 )  , Starman  ( 1984 )  , The Contender  ( 2000 )  , True Grit  ( 2010 )  , and Hell or High Water  ( 2016 )  .
Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American biographical romantic comedy-drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert , based on Gilbert 's best-selling memoir Eat , Pray , Love .
Its name is commonly pronounced as `` seven oh seven '' .
The Adjustment Bureau is a 2011 American science fiction thriller film loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story , `` Adjustment Team '' .
Marton Csokas , Nick Kroll , and Michael Shannon are all featured in supporting roles .
After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 .
She is the 1958-59 and 1961 French champion .
Kumail Nanjiani  ( born February 21 , 1978 )  is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian , actor , writer , and podcast host .
It was co-written by John Milius with narration written by Michael Herr .
He was sometimes arrested and prosecuted for a variety of offenses , which often involved substance abuse .
The country ranks high on the Human Development Index  ( 66th )  , Social Progress Index  ( 47th )  as well as the Global Peace Index  ( 48th )  .
The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time .
Broadcast on HBO , The Night Of premiered on July 10 , 2016 to critical acclaim .
The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American biographical black comedy crime film directed by Martin Scorsese .
Lee Min-ho  ( , born June 22 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor and singer .
Deadpool  ( Wade Winston Wilson )  is a fictional antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Buddhism is the world 's fourth-largest religion , with over 500 million followers or 7 % of the global population , known as Buddhists .
He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations .
In 2008 , he was convicted and sentenced to 33 years imprisonment , with a minimum of nine years without parole .
Carole King  ( born Carol Joan Klein , February 9 , 1942 )  is an American composer and singer-songwriter .
It became a grammar school in 1945 and closed in 2000 , to be replaced by a new comprehensive , Fairfield High School , at first on the same site , but now located in Stottbury Road , Bristol .
It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Chastain made her Broadway debut in a revival of The Heiress in the same year .
Jack Harold Paar  ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 27 , 2004 )  was an American author , radio and television comedian and talk show host , best known for his stint as host of The Tonight Show from 1957 to 1962 .
His other works contributed include The Crazies , Creepshow , Martin , Monkey Shines , and The Dark Half .
Stephon Xavier Marbury  ( born February 20 , 1977 )  is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association  ( CBA )  .
Prison Break was nominated for several industry awards , including the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the 2006 People 's Choice Award for Favorite New TV Drama , which it won .
He has won 42 events on the PGA Tour , including five major championships : three Masters titles  ( 2004 , 2006 , 2010 )  , a PGA Championship  ( 2005 )  , and an Open Championship  ( 2013 )  .
The 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup was the 18th FIFA U-20 World Cup .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
The group 's musical style primarily consists of rock with an emphasis on funk , as well as elements from other genres such as punk rock and psychedelic rock .
Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement .
Freeman won an Academy Award in 2005 for Best Supporting Actor with Million Dollar Baby  ( 2004 )  , and he has received Oscar nominations for his performances in Street Smart  ( 1987 )  , Driving Miss Daisy  ( 1989 )  , The Shawshank Redemption  ( 1994 )  and Invictus  ( 2009 )  .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
By 1933 , the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag , which led to Hitler 's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933 .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2011 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
John Weldon `` J. J. '' Cale  ( December 5 , 1938 -- July 26 , 2013 )  was an American guitarist , singer , and songwriter .
Captain America : The Winter Soldier is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The film gave actress Madhuri Dixit her first big break , making her an overnight star .
The film stars Adam Sandler , Ben Stiller , Emma Thompson , and Dustin Hoffman .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born .
Mark Cuban  ( born July 31 , 1958 )  is an American businessman , investor , author , television personality , and philanthropist .
Between 2010 and 2011 , he raced with Team Radio Shack , the UCI ProTeam he helped found .
He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total .
Trevor Baxter  ( born 18 November 1932 )  is a British actor and playwright .
Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately .
Shah Rukh Khan  ( born Shahrukh Khan ; 2 November 1965 )  , also known as SRK , is an Indian film actor , producer and television personality .
In 2013 , Delta Air Lines was the world 's largest airline in terms of scheduled passengers carried  ( 120.6 million )  , and the second-largest in terms of both revenue passenger-kilometers flown  ( 277.6 billion )  and capacity  ( 4.4 billion ASM/week ; March 2013 )  .
Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The series revolves around two brothers , one of whom has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit , and the other who devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name .
The Bravo Award is an annual award which is handed out by the Italian magazine Guerin Sportivo to the most outstanding young European footballer .
Vanilla Sky stars Tom Cruise , Penelope Cruz , and Cameron Diaz with Jason Lee and Kurt Russell appearing in supporting roles .
He is known for his singles `` What They Want '' and `` Losin Control '' , which peaked respectively at number 83 and 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck , and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in the lead roles .
His other works contributed include The Crazies , Creepshow , Martin , Monkey Shines , and The Dark Half .
The series , starring James Spader , with Candice Bergen , and William Shatner , is a spin-off of the long-running Kelley series The Practice , following the exploits of former Practice character Alan Shore at the legal firm of Crane , Poole & Schmidt .
The film was directed by Harold Ramis and stars Brendan Fraser and Elizabeth Hurley .
Stagira  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrə ]  )  , Stagirus  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrəs ]  )  , or Stageira  ( Στάγειρα or Στάγειρος )  was an ancient Greek city , located in central Macedonia , near the eastern coast of the peninsula of Chalkidice , and is chiefly known for being the birthplace of Aristotle , who was a Greek philosopher and polymath , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great .
He is the founder and manufacturer of Blue Origin  ( founded in 2000 )  with test flights to space which started in 2015 , and plans for commercial suborbital human spaceflight beginning in 2018 .
He is also the co-founder of the British charity Comic Relief along with Sir Lenny Henry .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
The series is broadcast on the cable television channel FX in the United States .
Firth has received an Academy Award , a Golden Globe Award , two BAFTA Awards , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards , as well as the Volpi Cup .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
It was a commercial success in the United States , becoming Madonna 's eleventh number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 , topping the chart for seven weeks .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
Ellyse Alexandra Perry  ( born 3 November 1990 )  is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women 's national soccer team at the age of 16 .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
fi
Shia Saide LaBeouf  (  [ ˈʃaɪ.ə   ləˈbʌf ]  born June 11 , 1986 )  is an American actor , performance artist , and filmmaker .
During the Spanish -- American War , the United States captured Guam on June 21 , 1898 .
Sophie Turner  ( born 21 February 1996 )  is an English actress .
Fisher wrote several semi-autobiographical novels , including Postcards from the Edge and the screenplay for the film of the book , as well as an autobiographical one-woman play , and its non-fiction book , Wishful Drinking , based on the play .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
Joy is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film , written and directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence as Joy Mangano , about whom the story is loosely based as a self-made millionaire who created her own business empire .
His other well-known roles include Dr. Martin Brenner in Stranger Things , the title character in Alan Parker 's Birdy , high school wrestler Louden Swain in Vision Quest and the oversexed Sullivan Groff on Weeds .
The Douglas Aircraft Company was an American aerospace manufacturer based in Southern California .
Blunt made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play The Royal Family .
Finland , France , Iceland , Ireland , Luxembourg , Mexico,Same-sex marriage is legal in the states of Campeche , Coahuila , Colima , Jalisco , Michoacán , Morelos , Nayarit , Quintana Roo and Mexico City as well as in some municipalities in Guerrero , Puebla , Querétaro and Tamaulipas .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
Born in Louisville , Kentucky , to a middle-class family , Thompson had a turbulent youth after the death of his father left the family in poverty .
Marvel 's Inhumans , or simply Inhumans , is an upcoming American television series developed for ABC , based on the Marvel Comics race of the same name .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
Chandni  ( Translation : Moonlight )  is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
This young adult book was originally intended to be a picture book featuring photographs Riggs had collected , but on the advice of an editor at Quirk Books , he used the photographs as a guide from which to put together a narrative .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Inferno is a 2016 American mystery adventure thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp , based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown .
Her tenth album , Shakira  ( 2014 )  , is preceded by its lead single , `` Ca n't Remember to Forget You '' .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
The Wicked Witch of the West is a fictional character and the most significant antagonist in L. Frank Baum 's children 's book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz  ( 1900 )  .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
The story is set in Clayton County and Atlanta , both in Georgia , during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era .
The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate  ( ایلخانان , Ilkhānān ; Хүлэгийн улс , Hulagu-yn Ulus )  , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
She also starred in Web Therapy , which aired for four seasons on Showtime .
Mark Cuban  ( born July 31 , 1958 )  is an American businessman , investor , author , television personality , and philanthropist .
A dwarf warrior , he is the son of Glóin  ( a character from Tolkien 's earlier novel , The Hobbit )  .
Ashley Judd  ( born Ashley Tyler Ciminella ; April 19 , 1968 )  is an American actress and political activist .
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and is known for his international hits , including `` Kiss from a Rose '' , which appeared on the soundtrack to the 1995 film Batman Forever .
He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Lumen is introduced in the third episode  ( `` Practically Perfect '' )  as a survivor of rapist-serial killer Boyd Fowler .
He collaborated with some of film history 's most accomplished directors , including Robert Wise , Howard Hawks , Otto Preminger , Joe Dante , Richard Donner , Roman Polanski , Ridley Scott , Michael Winner , Steven Spielberg , Paul Verhoeven , and Franklin J. Schaffner .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol  ( Luchthaven Schiphol ,  [ ˈlʏxtˌɦaːvə  ( n )  ˌsxɪpˈɦɔl ]  )  is the main international airport of the Netherlands , located 9 km southwest of Amsterdam , in the municipality of Haarlemmermeer , province of North Holland .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Keys made her film debut in Smokin ' Aces and has also appeared in The Nanny Diaries and The Secret Life of Bees .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Bacall also worked on Broadway in musicals , earning Tony Awards for Applause  ( 1970 )  and Woman of the Year  ( 1981 )  .
Shania Twain , OC  (  [ ʃəˈnaɪ.ə   ˈtweɪn ]  born Eilleen Regina Edwards ; August 28 , 1965 )  is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean .
The awards ceremony was first broadcast on radio in 1930 and televised for the first time in 1953 .
He has released five studio albums , two compilation albums , and one live DVD .
It depicts a dystopian future in which reality as perceived by most humans is actually a simulated reality called `` the Matrix '' , created by sentient machines to subdue the human population , while their bodies ' heat and electrical activity are used as an energy source .
Dwayne Douglas Johnson  ( born May 2 , 1972 )  , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler .
In 2008 , he played Henry `` Mutt Williams '' Jones III in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Trevor Berbick  ( August 1 , 1954 -- October 28 , 2006 )  was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer who competed from 1976 to 2000 .
The film was a commercial and critical success .
Gerard Anthony `` Tony '' Bill  ( born August 23 , 1940 )  is an American actor , producer , and director .
Colin Edward Quinn  ( born June 6 , 1959 )  is an American stand-up comedian , actor , and writer .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett  ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 )  was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter .
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is intended to be the eighteenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Ellen Burstyn  ( née Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 )  is an American actress .
David Mazouz  (  [ dəˈviːd məˈzuːz ]  born February 19 , 2001 )  is an American actor .
He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election .
From 1999 , Gaddafi rejected Arab socialism and encouraged economic privatisation , rapprochement with Western nations , and Pan-Africanism ; he was Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 -- 10 .
She attended Brigham Young University  ( BYU )  , married Mitt Romney in 1969 , and in 1975 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in French .
Fifty Shades of Grey has topped best-seller lists around the world , selling over 125 million copies worldwide by June 2015 .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
This led to roles in bigger productions such as the action film Lara Croft : Tomb Raider  ( 2001 )  , the crime thriller Road to Perdition  ( 2002 )  , the crime thriller Layer Cake  ( 2004 )  , and the Steven Spielberg historical drama Munich  ( 2005 )  .
Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky .
Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch .
It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system .
Adrien Jerome Broner  ( born July 28 , 1989 )  is an American professional boxer .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers  ( 1997 )  and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King  ( 1999 )  .
Lorazepam , sold under the brand name Ativan among others , is a benzodiazepine medication .
His highly publicized home invasion crime spree terrorized the residents of the greater Los Angeles area , and later the residents of the San Francisco area , from June 1984 until August 1985 .
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
For the film Trumbo  ( 2015 )  , he received widespread acclaim and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor .
Ji Chang-wook  ( born on July 5 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor .
Slipknot is an American heavy metal band from Des Moines , Iowa .
Robert Chase , MBBS is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama House .
Joseph Alberic Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes  (  [ ˈfaɪnz ]  born 27 May 1970 )  is an English film and stage actor .
She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .
Emma Thompson  ( born 15 April 1959 )  is a British actress , activist , author , comedienne and screenwriter .
Dileep began his film career in 1991 by assisting director Kamal .
It stars Saranya Ponvannan , in her 100th film , Vijay Sethupathi and Vasundhra in the lead roles .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
In 2014 La La reprised her role as Sonia in the film Think Like a Man Too and in 2015 appeared in November Rule and Destined .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
He produced The Departed  ( 2006 )  and 12 Years a Slave  ( 2013 )  , both of which won the Academy Award for Best Picture , and also The Tree of Life , Moneyball , and The Big Short  ( 2015 )  , all of which garnered Best Picture nominations .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Robert Oliver Reed  ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 )  was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
Through his young adult years , Barbera lived , attended college , and began his career in New York City .
Mark Millar  ( born 24 December 1969 )  is a Scottish comic book writer , known for his work on The Authority , The Ultimates , Marvel Knights Spider-Man , Ultimate Fantastic Four , Civil War , The Secret Service , Wanted , Chrononauts , Superior and Kick-Ass , the latter six of which have been , or will be , adapted into feature films .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
She promotes various causes such as environment , health and education , and women 's rights and is particularly vocal about gender equality and feminism .
Khal Drogo is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Brunei  (  [ bruːˈnaɪ ]  , )  , officially the Nation of Brunei , the Abode of Peace  ( Negara Brunei Darussalam , Jawi : )  , is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia .
Gorillaz are an English virtual band created in 1998 by musician Damon Albarn and artist Jamie Hewlett .
Red Hot Chili Peppers , also sometimes shortened to The Chili Peppers or abbreviated as RHCP , are an American alternative rock/funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983 .
The original form , sometimes called the tabletop RPG , is conducted through discussion , whereas in live action role-playing games  ( LARP )  players physically perform their characters actions .
Gang Signs & Prayer is the debut studio album by English grime artist Stormzy .
Adderall 's active ingredient , amphetamine , shares many chemical and pharmacological properties with the human trace amines , particularly phenethylamine and , the latter of which is a positional isomer of amphetamine .
Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity .
To Die For is a 1995 American criminal comedy-drama film , made in a mockumentary format , directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry , based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard , which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart .
Aluminium or aluminum  ( see below )  is a chemical element in the boron group with symbol Al and atomic number 13 .
The modern Olympic Games or Olympics  ( Jeux olympiques )  are leading international sporting events featuring summer and winter sports competitions in which thousands of athletes from around the world participate in a variety of competitions .
Stone Temple Pilots  ( sometimes abbreviated as STP )  are an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland  ( lead vocals )  , brothers Dean  ( guitar )  and Robert DeLeo  ( bass , backing vocals )  , and Eric Kretz  ( drums )  .
The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
The Syrian Desert  ( بادية الشام , bādiyat ash-shām )  also known as the Hamad , is a combination of steppe and true desert covering 500000 km2 the Middle East , covering parts of south-eastern Syria , northeastern Jordan , northern Saudi Arabia , and western Iraq .
Cecil Louis Troughton Smith  ( 27 August 1899 -- 2 April 1966 )  , known by his pen name Cecil Scott `` C. S. '' Forester , was an English novelist known for writing tales of naval warfare such as the 12-book Horatio Hornblower series , depicting a Royal Navy officer during the Napoleonic wars .
He is widely regarded as the greatest clay-court player in history , and owing to his dominance and success on the surface , he has been called `` The King of Clay '' .
Empathy is the capacity to understand or feel what another person is experiencing from within the other person 's frame of reference , i.e. , the capacity to place oneself in another 's position .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
A highly multilingual country , Swahili is used in parliamentary debate , in the lower courts , and as a medium of instruction in primary school ; and English is used in foreign trade , in diplomacy , in higher courts , and as a medium of instruction in secondary and higher education , although the Tanzanian government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction altogether .
Before becoming an actress , she started modeling and entered several beauty contests , finishing as the 1st runner-up in the Miss USA Pageant and coming in 6th place in the Miss World Pageant in 1986 .
Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing  ( 1969 )  , Myra Breckinridge  ( 1970 )  , Logan 's Run  ( 1976 )  , Sunburn  ( 1979 )  , Saturn 3  ( 1980 )  , The Cannonball Run  ( 1981 )  , Extremities  ( 1986 )  , The Apostle  ( 1997 )  , and Dr. T & the Women  ( 2000 )  .
Will is the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner , and he works to free his father from service to Davy Jones .
She has won five Grand Slam singles titles , twelve Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar-year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and five Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ; for a combined total of twenty-two major titles .
Anna Cooke Kendrick  ( born August 9 , 1985 )  is an American actress and singer .
The Odyssey was written in a poetic dialect of Greek -- a literary amalgam of Aeolic Greek , Ionic Greek , and other Ancient Greek dialects -- and comprises 12,110 lines of dactylic hexameter .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
To the Bone is a 2017 American drama film , written and directed by Marti Noxon .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
After writing in different forms throughout the 1880s , he became one of London 's most popular playwrights in the early 1890s .
The Strain is an American horror drama television series that premiered on FX on July 13 , 2014 .
The Germanic peoples  ( also called Teutonic , Suebian , or Gothic in older literature )  are an Indo-European ethno-linguistic group of Northern European origin .
Negan is a fictional character in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
The film was directed by Marc Webb and was produced by Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach .
Its estimated mid-2015 municipal population  ( corresponding to Greater London )  was 8,673,713 , the largest of any city in the European Union , and accounting for 12.5 % of the UK population .
In 2016 , Britton had a recurring role as socialite Faye Resnick in the first season of FX true crime anthology series American Crime Story .
Thicke has worked with several artists , such as Christina Aguilera , Nicki Minaj , K. Michelle , Pharrell Williams , Usher , Jennifer Hudson , Flo Rida , Brandy , Kid Cudi and Mary J. Blige , among others .
Colombia  ( k )  , is a sovereign state largely situated in the northwest of South America , with territories in Central America .
It measures 32 km long from its northwestern to its southeastern end and 10 km across at its widest point .
Karl Anthony Malone  ( born July 24 , 1963 )  is an American retired professional basketball player .
Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
The films feature an ensemble cast that also includes James Nesbitt , Ken Stott , Evangeline Lilly , Lee Pace and Luke Evans , with several actors reprising their roles from The Lord of the Rings , including Cate Blanchett , Orlando Bloom , Ian Holm , Christopher Lee , Hugo Weaving , Elijah Wood and Andy Serkis .
Most traditional papers also feature an editorial page containing editorials written by an editor  ( or by the paper 's editorial board )  and expressing an opinion on a public issue , opinion articles called `` op-eds '' written by guest writers  ( which are typically in the same section as the editorial )  , and columns that express the personal opinions of columnists , usually offering analysis and synthesis that attempts to translate the raw data of the news into information telling the reader `` what it all means '' and persuading them to concur .
He directs , produces and appears in graphic , short , horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory .
Diane Ernestine Earle Ross  ( born March 26 , 1944 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Sarrainodu  ( The Right Person )  is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu .
Time magazine 's obituary of him noted that : `` His fans would remember him as the fellow who split talk show history into two eras : Before Paar and Below Paar . ''
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
The band 's third studio album , Smash  ( 1994 )  , became their first commercial success , and has sold over eleven million copies worldwide , setting a record for most albums sold on an independent label and becoming the first album on Epitaph to obtain gold and platinum status .
It is closely related to the Frisian languages , but its vocabulary has been significantly influenced by other Germanic languages , as well as by Latin and Romance languages , particularly French .
She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon .
Her first published novel , Under the Net , was selected in 1998 as one of Modern Library 's 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century .
Caroline Blakiston  ( born 13 February 1933 )  is an English actress .
Jerry Lewis  ( born Joseph Levitch ; March 16 , 1926 )  is an American actor , comedian , singer , film producer , film director , screenwriter and humanitarian .
Fifth Harmony is an American girl group formed on the second season of The X Factor US in July 2012 .
Marble Hill is the northernmost neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Bird was the first overall pick of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Inventions by IBM include the automated teller machine  ( ATM )  , the PC , the floppy disk , the hard disk drive , the magnetic stripe card , the relational database , the SQL programming language , the UPC barcode , and dynamic random-access memory  ( DRAM )  .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation .
His credits include NYPD Blue , ER , 24 , Alias , The Shield , Deadwood , and the documentaries An Inconvenient Truth , The Road We 've Traveled , Waiting for ` Superman ' and He Named Me Malala .
It was the first western movie to be filmed in the USSR .
A co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival .
As kerosene and gasoline grew in importance , Rockefeller 's wealth soared and he became the richest person in the country , controlling 90 % of all oil in the United States at his peak .
Alphonse Gabriel Capone  (  [ æl kəˈpoʊn ]  January 17 , 1899 -- January 25 , 1947 )  , sometimes known by the nickname Scarface , was an American gangster who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss of the Chicago Outfit .
Cara Jocelyn Delevingne  (  [ ˈkɑːrə ˌdɛləˈviːn ]  ; born 12 August 1992 )  is an English fashion model and actress .
The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Largely based on Andrew Chaikin 's book , A Man on the Moon , the series is known for its accurate telling of the story of Apollo and the outstanding special effects under visual director Ernest D. Farino .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
The album has sold upwards of 1,200,000 copies in the USA , and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA .
In Her Shoes is a 2005 American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Jennifer Weiner .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
The Nashville Songwriters Association International is a 501  ( c )  not-for-profit trade organization that works to help songwriters in three ways : through legislative advocacy , through education and advice about the actual craft of songwriting , and through teaching about the music industry , and how to best position a song for success within it .
William Shakespeare  (  [ ˈʃeɪkspɪə ]  26 April 1564  ( baptised )  -- 23 April 1616 )  was an English : poet , : playwright , and actor , widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world 's pre-eminent dramatist .
Susan `` Sue '' Sylvester is a fictional character of the Fox musical comedy-drama series , Glee .
Get Out is a 2017 American horror film written , co-produced and directed by Jordan Peele , in his directorial debut .
Born into a Prussian family with a long military tradition , Rundstedt entered the Prussian Army in 1892 .
Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson  ( born Hilda Roderick Ellis , 1 October 1914 -- January 2006 )  was an English antiquarian and academic , writing in particular on Germanic paganism and Celtic paganism .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger .
It also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco  ( born February 16 , 1982 )  , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco  (  [ ˈluːpeɪ ]  )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman .
Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts .
Complications occur in about 30 % and may include diarrhea , blindness , inflammation of the brain , and pneumonia among others .
eleveneleven is a record label founded in 2010 by Mike Hamlin , Ellen DeGeneres and her production company , A Very Good Production , in association with longtime affiliate Warner Bros. .
All My Children  ( often shortened to AMC )  is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC for 41 years , from January 5 , 1970 , to September 23 , 2011 , and on The Online Network  ( TOLN )  from April 29 to September 2 , 2013 , via Hulu , Hulu Plus , and iTunes .
Two of his albums , The Gambler and Kenny , are featured in the About.com poll of `` The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever '' .
The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus .
A versatile player , he usually plays as an attacking midfielder , but he can equally play as a winger or as a deep-lying playmaker , and has frequently featured as a right winger for Milan during the 2014 -- 15 Serie A season .
Formerly a quartet including bass Michael McCary , they are currently a trio composed of baritone Nathan Morris alongside tenors Wanya Morris and Shawn Stockman .
It premiered on 8 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas .
The film premiered in Los Angeles on February 7 , 1985 .
After eight years of marriage , Marie Antoinette gave birth to a daughter , Marie-Thérèse Charlotte , the first of her four children .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
Pierce was a high school McDonald 's All-American and earned All-America first team honors in his junior year at Kansas .
Australia  (  [ əˈstreɪliə ]  ,  [ ɒ - ]  ,  [ - ljə ]  )  , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands .
The jackfruit is a multiple fruit , composed of hundreds to thousands of individual flowers , and it is the fleshy petals that are eaten .
`` Take a Bow '' is a song by American singer Madonna from her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories  ( 1994 )  .
It is used to treat anxiety disorders , trouble sleeping , active seizures including status epilepticus , alcohol withdrawal , and chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , as well as for surgery to interfere with memory formation and to sedate those who are being mechanically ventilated .
Apple Store is a chain of retail stores owned and operated by Apple Inc. .
It is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray .
Beautiful is a 2000 American comedy-drama film directed by Sally Field  ( in her feature film directorial debut )  , starring Minnie Driver , Joey Lauren Adams , Hallie Kate Eisenberg , Herta Ware , and Kathleen Turner .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Adrien Jerome Broner  ( born July 28 , 1989 )  is an American professional boxer .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
It is a four-part adaptation of the 1985 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry and is the first installment in the Lonesome Dove series .
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created and designed by Swedish game designer Markus `` Notch '' Persson , and later fully developed and published by Mojang .
Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage .
He was elected Labour Party leader in July 1994 , following the sudden death of his predecessor , John Smith , who together with his predecessor , Neil Kinnock , had started to move the party closer to the political centre , in the hope of winning power .
Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park , California .
He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .
Pablo Picasso  (  [ pɪˈkɑːsoʊ ,   - ˈkæsoʊ ]   [ ˈpaβlo piˈkaso ]  ; 25 October 1881 -- 8 April 1973 )  was a Spanish painter , sculptor , printmaker , ceramicist , stage designer , poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France .
The `` valley '' in its name refers to the Santa Clara Valley in Santa Clara County , which includes the city of San Jose and surrounding cities and towns , where the region has been traditionally centered .
In his 1979 autobiography Jack Kramer , the long-time tennis promoter and great player himself , included Sedgman in his list of the 21 greatest players of all time .
Thomas Ruggles Pynchon , Jr.  (  [ ˈpɪnˌtʃɒn ]  , commonly  [ ˈpɪntʃən ]  born May 8 , 1937 )  is an American novelist .
The Leftovers is an American television drama series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta , airing on HBO .
Sonny with a Chance is an American sitcom created by Steve Marmel which aired for two seasons on Disney Channel from February 8 , 2009 to January 2 , 2011 .
The Danish Girl is a 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Tom Hooper , based on the 2000 fictional novel of the same name by David Ebershoff and loosely inspired by the lives of Danish painters Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener .
Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office ; it is only a formal statement of charges , akin to an indictment in criminal law , and is thus only the first step towards removal .
She subsequently appeared in Martin 's A Storm of Swords  ( 2000 )  and A Dance with Dragons  ( 2011 )  .
She was born an Archduchess of Austria , and was the fifteenth and second youngest child of Empress Maria Theresa and Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor .
After beginnings in dance and modeling , she turned her attention to acting , and made her American acting debut  ( and came to prominence in what would be a Golden Globe -- nominated role )  in her portrayal of Tonya in David Lean 's Doctor Zhivago  ( 1965 )  .
He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team .
It reacts with carbon , halogens , nitrogen , silicon and hydrogen .
Paul Labile Pogba  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Christie 's breakthrough film role was in Billy Liar  ( 1963 )  .
The commonly used term African lion collectively denotes the several subspecies in Africa .
The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums ; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack .
Above the Law  ( also known as Nico )  is a 1988 American action film written , produced and directed by Andrew Davis , and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal in his film debut .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
It is based on Antony Johnston and Sam Hart 's 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite  ( TCP/IP )  to link devices worldwide .
Randal Keith Orton  ( born April 1 , 1980 )  is an American professional wrestler and actor .
Waters became the band 's primary lyricist and conceptual leader , devising the concepts behind their albums The Dark Side of the Moon  ( 1973 )  , Wish You Were Here  ( 1975 )  , Animals  ( 1977 )  , The Wall  ( 1979 )  and The Final Cut  ( 1983 )  .
With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' Hellblazer comic book , with plot elements taken from the `` Dangerous Habits '' story arc  ( issues # 4146 )  and the `` Original Sins '' story arc .
Womb  ( retitled Clone for its UK DVD release )  is a 2010 film written and directed by Benedek Fliegauf and starring Eva Green and Matt Smith .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
In 1901 she graduated with a degree in classics from the University of Chicago .
Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters .
`` Dirty Diana '' is a song by American artist Michael Jackson .
The film stars RZA , Russell Crowe , Cung Le , Lucy Liu , Byron Mann , Rick Yune , Dave Bautista , and Jamie Chung .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as `` Stiles '' Stilinski , Scott 's best friend .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
Hiddleston has also appeared in Steven Spielberg 's War Horse  ( 2011 )  , The Deep Blue Sea  ( 2011 )  , Woody Allen 's romantic comedy Midnight in Paris  ( 2011 )  , the 2012 BBC series Henry IV and Henry V , and the romantic vampire film Only Lovers Left Alive  ( 2013 )  .
Sabrina Ann Lynn Carpenter  ( born May 11 , 1999 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actress .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
Cracks is a 2009 independent drama psychological thriller film starring Eva Green , James McGovern , Juno Temple , María Valverde , and Imogen Poots , which was released theatrically in the UK and Ireland on 4 December 2009 .
First drafted by the Archbishop of Canterbury to make peace between the unpopular King and a group of rebel barons , it promised the protection of church rights , protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment , access to swift justice , and limitations on feudal payments to the Crown , to be implemented through a council of 25 barons .
He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken  ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David )  , Elton John  ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado )  and Ennio Morricone .
In 1993 , he was accused of child sexual abuse , but the civil case was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount and no formal charges were brought .
Koepp is the fifth most successful screenwriter of all time in terms of U.S. box office receipts with a total gross of over $ 2.3 billion .
Tanzania  [ ˌtænzəˈniːə ]  , officially the United Republic of Tanzania  ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania )  , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region .
William Patton `` Bill '' Black , Jr.  ( September 17 , 1926 -- October 21 , 1965 )  was an American musician and bandleader who is noted as one of the pioneers of rock and roll music .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Cersei is a member of House Lannister , one of the wealthiest and most powerful families in the kingdom of Westeros .
Directors of the series include Gore Verbinski  ( 1 -- 3 )  , Rob Marshall  ( 4 )  , and Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg  ( 5 )  .
Held at Memorial Continental Hall in downtown Washington DC , it resulted in three major treaties : Four-Power Treaty , Five-Power Treaty  ( more commonly known as the Washington Naval Treaty )  , the Nine-Power Treaty , and a number of smaller agreements .
The screenplay was written by first-time writer Michael Arndt .
Mary Marvel is a fictional character originally published by Fawcett Comics and now owned by DC Comics .
Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum  ( born September 12 , 1986 )  is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter .
Kuala Lumpur is the cultural , financial and economic centre of Malaysia , home to the Parliament of Malaysia , and the official residence of the Malaysian King , the Istana Negara .
Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum  (  [ ˈɡoʊldbluːm ]  born October 22 , 1952 )  is an American actor who has received nominations for an Oscar , an Emmy , a Genie and a Drama Desk Award throughout his career and is best known for starring in the highest-grossing films of his era , Jurassic Park  ( 1993 )  and Independence Day  ( 1996 )  , as well as their respective sequels , The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , Independence Day : Resurgence  ( 2016 )  , and Jurassic World 2  ( 2018 )  .
From 2009 to 2012 , Yelp expanded throughout Europe and Asia .
Joanne Rowling ,  (  [ ˈrəʊlɪŋ ]  born 31 July 1965 )  , pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith , is a British novelist , screenwriter and film producer best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .
He is known for playing a semifictional version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld , which he created and wrote with Larry David .
The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Rod Serling was loosely based on the 1963 French novel La Planète des Singes by Pierre Boulle .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
Scott also starred as Mohini `` Mo '' Banjaree in the Disney Channel original movie Lemonade Mouth , and as Megan in TV series Life Bites .
Jane Austen 's Emma is an adaptation of the 1815 novel of the same name .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
He has appeared in three Christopher Nolan films : the science fiction thriller Inception  ( 2010 )  , portrayed Bane in the superhero film The Dark Knight Rises  ( 2012 )  , and the action-thriller Dunkirk  ( 2017 )  based on the British evacuation in World War II .
The role earned Alda the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2006 .
In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency .
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , shortened Hogwarts , is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
Jensen Ross Ackles  ( born March 1 , 1978 )  is an American actor and director .
Timothy David Olyphant  (  [ ˈɔːlʌfɪnt ]  ; born May 20 , 1968 )  is an American actor and producer .
The film also premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival in September .
Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name .
Ellen Lee DeGeneres  (  [ dᵻˈdʒɛnərᵻs ]  born January 26 , 1958 )  is an American comedian , television host , actress , writer , and producer .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
The film premiered in Japan on April 15 , 1995 , in a longer version  ( 103 mins )  that is closer to the director 's cut , featuring a score by Mychael Danna and different editing .
It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support , but in August 2014 the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive , and was released worldwide in August 2015 .
She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
In total , he has won eight Serie A titles , three Coppa Italia titles , and five Supercoppa Italiana titles with Juventus .
The film was a critical and commercial success , grossing $ 565 million worldwide against its $ 185 million budget and making it the fifth highest-grossing film of 2017 .
Hugh Marston Hefner  ( born April 9 , 1926 )  is an American men 's lifestyle magazine publisher , businessman , and a well-known playboy .
Jones influenced the cross-dressing movement of the 1980s and has been an inspiration for artists including Annie Lennox , Lady Gaga , Rihanna , Lorde , Róisín Murphy , Brazilian Girls , Nile Rodgers , Santigold , Basement Jaxx and Stanka Brljevic .
Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell 's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector .
Mark Bomback  ( born August 29 , 1971 )  is an American screenwriter , originally from New Rochelle , New York .
Ramón Luis Ayala Rodríguez  ( born February 3 , 1977 )  , known by his stage name Daddy Yankee , is a Puerto Rican singer , songwriter , rapper , actor and record producer .
Lee Majors  ( born Harvey Lee Yeary ; April 23 , 1939 )  is an American film , television and voice actor .
The series is set in Atlantic City , New Jersey during the Prohibition era and stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson .
The Federal Republic of Nigeria  [ naɪˈdʒɪəriə ]  , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north .
Glee is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19 , 2009 , to March 20 , 2015 .
New York is a state in the northeastern United States , and is the 27th-most extensive , fourth-most populous , and seventh-most densely populated U.S. state .
The Netherlands ,  (  [ ˈnɛðərləndz ]  Nederland  [ ˈneːdərˌlɑnt ]  ; Nederlân )  also known informally as Holland , is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
He starred on the Comedy Central television series Reno 911 !
It was released to Top 40 radio on July 26 , 2016 , as the third single from the album .
During his career , McGregor has competed as a featherweight , lightweight , and welterweight .
Created by writer-editor Stan Lee and penciller and co-plotter Jack Kirby , he first appeared in Fantastic Four # 52  ( July 1966 )  .
Adam Keefe Horovitz  ( born October 31 , 1966 )  , better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock , is an American musician , guitarist , rapper , producer , and actor .
Abraham Lincoln  (  [ ˈeɪbrəhæm ˈlIŋkən ]  February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 .
Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation .
Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood .
Born approximately 570CE  ( Year of the Elephant )  in the Arabian city of Mecca , Muhammad was orphaned at an early age ; he was raised under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib .
Unpredictable is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and actor Jamie Foxx .
Because of its financial power and diversity in its heyday , Lebanon was referred to as the `` Switzerland of the East '' during the 1960s , and its capital , Beirut , attracted so many tourists that it was known as `` the Paris of the Middle East '' .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
She made her film debut in Mumford  ( 1999 )  , followed by her supporting role in Cameron Crowe 's semi-autobiographical picture Almost Famous  ( 2000 )  .
The series ' merchandise also includes DVD and Blu-ray releases , an iPad application , and karaoke games for the Wii .
Muhammad Ali  (  [ ɑːˈliː ]  born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr. ; January 17 , 1942 -- June 3 , 2016 )  was an American professional boxer and activist .
The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo , but the seat of government is in Cotonou , the country 's largest city and economic capital .
Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1846 , Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks , tariffs , and railroads .
Her off-screen roles include duties as a brand ambassador for several charity organisations and campaigns .
Perry signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album Katy Hudson under her birth name in 2001 , which was commercially unsuccessful .
A spin-off of the format of The Great British Bake Off , the programme is presented by Claudia Winkleman .
`` Heartlight '' is a song written by Neil Diamond , Carole Bayer Sager and her then-husband Burt Bacharach , and recorded by Diamond in 1982 .
The film features Patricia Clarkson , Jenna Elfman , Bryan Greenberg , Nolan Gould , Richard Jenkins , and Woody Harrelson in supporting roles .
STS-96 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station  ( ISS )  flown by Space Shuttle Discovery , and the first shuttle flight to dock with the International Space Station .
He has appeared in a number of films in the 1990s , including the sports film Rudy  ( 1993 )  , the sci-fi adventure dinosaur film The Lost World : Jurassic Park  ( 1997 )  , and the drama-thriller Return to Paradise  ( 1998 )  .
Theodore John Kaczynski  (  [ kəˈzɪnski ]  born May 22 , 1942 )  , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist .
The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles .
Macbeth  ( or The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a 1971 British-American historical drama film directed by Roman Polanski and co-written by Polanski and Kenneth Tynan .
The Crown is a biographical drama television series , created and written by Peter Morgan and produced by Left Bank Pictures and Sony Pictures Television for Netflix .
Amy Sherman-Palladino  ( born Amy Sherman )  is an American television writer , director , and producer .
The series is based on A Game of Thrones , the first novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin , adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss .
He released his debut album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra , in 1946 .
Indian  ( Tamil : இந்தியன் )  is a 1996 Indian Tamil vigilante crime thriller film written and directed by Shankar and produced by A. M. Rathnam .
Venus Ebony Starr Williams  ( born June 17 , 1980 )  is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .
Kobe Bean Bryant  ( born August 23 , 1978 )  is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman .
Serena Jameka Williams  ( born September 26 , 1981 )  is an American professional tennis player .
He became a naturalized United States citizen in the late 1980s .
Significant praise was directed towards the performances of Foy in the leading role and John Lithgow as Winston Churchill , and Foy received the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress and Lithgow the Best Actor at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards , among other accolades , including at the 74th Golden Globe Awards and the 7th Critics ' Choice Television Awards .
Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London  ( UCL )  .
The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player .
Matthew Gregory Kuchar  ( born June 21 , 1978 )  is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour .
She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real  ( 1999 -- 2000 )  , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries  ( 2001 )  , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy .
Ethiopia  (  [ ˌiːθiˈoʊpiə ]  ኢትዮጵያ , , )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia  ( የኢትዮጵያ ፌዴራላዊ ዲሞክራሲያዊ ሪፐብሊክ , yeʾĪtiyoṗṗya Fēdēralawī Dēmokirasīyawī Rīpebilīk )  , is a country located in the Horn of Africa .
She is known for her role as Donna Pinciotti in all eight seasons of the Fox sitcom That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2006 )  , and for her role as Alex Vause in the Netflix original comedy-drama series Orange Is the New Black  ( 2013 -- present )  .
The World Bank Group  ( WBG )  is a family of five international organizations that make leveraged loans to developing countries .
He has won six Golden Globe Awards , and received the Kennedy Center Honor in 2001 .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities  ( polities )  such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations  ( IGOs )  , international non-governmental organizations  ( INs )  , non-governmental organizations  ( NGOs )  , and multinational corporations  ( MNCs )  , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction .
He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee .
The Czech Republic  (  [ ˈtʃɛkiə ]  , ; Česko ,  [ ˈt͡ʃɛsko ]  )  , is a nation state in Central Europe bordered by Germany to the west , Austria to the south , Slovakia to the east and Poland to the northeast .
Split is a 2016 American psychological horror-thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan .
The band performed at the 1996 Zwemdokrock Festival  ( Lummen , Belgium )  and at the 1999 Glastonbury Festival  ( United Kingdom )  , and it released an EP and two albums .
Introduced in A Game of Thrones  ( 1996 )  , Jaime is a knight of the Kingsguard and a member of House Lannister , one of the wealthiest and most powerful families in the fictional kingdom of Westeros .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
iPhone  (  [ ˈaɪfoʊn ]  )  is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
She is known for her roles in the fantasy films Clash of the Titans  ( 2010 )  , Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time  ( 2010 )  , Byzantium  ( 2013 )  and as the character Gretel in Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters  ( 2013 )  .
Confessions has been certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  and , as of 2016 , has sold over 11 million copies in the US and over 20 million copies worldwide .
The film follows the life of notorious prisoner Michael Gordon Peterson , who was renamed Charles Bronson by his fight promoter .
Albania is a member of the United Nations , NATO , WTO , World Bank , the Council of Europe , the OSCE , the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .
His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of From Here to Eternity , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor .
She studied at Warsaw 's clandestine Floating University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw .
Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan .
Keith Lionel Urban  ( born 26 October 1967 )  is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician .
Bangladesh  (  [ bæŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ ˌbɑːŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ : bn : বাংলাদেশ , বাংলাদেশ ]  ,  [ ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ ]  , lit .
Patrick James Riley  ( born March 20 , 1945 )  is an American professional basketball executive , and a former coach and player in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  .
Starring Dan Stevens , Maika Monroe , Leland Orser , Sheila Kelley , Brendan Meyer , and Lance Reddick , the plot follows a soldier named `` David '' unexpectedly visiting the Peterson family , introducing himself as a friend of their son who had died during the Afghanistan war .
Wayne 's eighth album I Am Not a Human Being  ( 2010 )  , was released during his incarceration .
The Killing Joke provides an origin story for the supervillain the Joker , loosely adapted from the 1951 story arc `` The Man Behind the Red Hood ! ''
The lead single , `` Nobody Love '' , was released in the spring and became her first US Billboard Hot 100 appearance .
Iraq  (  [ ɪˈræk ]  ,  [ ɪˈrɑːk ]  , or  [ aɪˈræk ]  العراق ; عێراق )  , officially known as the Republic of Iraq is a country in Western Asia , bordered by Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , Kuwait to the southeast , Saudi Arabia to the south , Jordan to the southwest , and Syria to the west .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively .
He won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for directing O.J. : Made in America  ( 2016 )  .
Ramzan Akhmadovich Kadyrov  (  [ Рамза́н Ахма́тович Кады́ров , p = rɐˈmzan ɐxˈmadəvʲɪtɕ kɐˈdɨrəf ]  , Къадар Ахьмат-кIант Рамзан , Q̇adar Aẋmat-khant Ramzan born 5 October 1976 )  is the Head of the Chechen Republic and a former member of the Chechen independence movement .
Raphael Matthew Bob-Waksberg  ( born August 17 , 1986 )  is an American comedian , writer , producer , and actor .
Christopher Brian `` Chris '' Bridges  ( born September 11 , 1977 )  , better known by his stage name Ludacris , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor .
In Norse mythology , from which stems most of the information about the god , Odin is associated with healing , death , royalty , the gallows , knowledge , battle , sorcery , poetry , frenzy , and the runic alphabet , and is the husband of the goddess Frigg .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Michael Bay and Platinum Dunes produced the film for New Line Cinema , as an intention to reboot the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise , with the cast of Jackie Earle Haley , Kyle Gallner , Rooney Mara , Katie Cassidy , Thomas Dekker and Kellan Lutz .
He is best known for his roles as the Tenth Doctor in the British television series Doctor Who , Alec Hardy in Broadchurch , Giacomo Casanova in the TV serial Casanova , Kilgrave in Jessica Jones , and Barty Crouch , Jr. in the film Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .
Parker has appeared in films and series including RED , RED 2 , Fried Green Tomatoes , Boys on the Side , The West Wing , and Angels in America , for which she received a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
This led to a nine-month contract with MGM and he moved to the United States where he appeared as a stock actor .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury ,  ( born 16 October 1925 )  is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter .
Peter Dougan Capaldi  ( born 14 April 1958 )  is a Scottish actor , writer and director , best known for playing the twelfth incarnation of the Doctor in the television series Doctor Who .
Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band .
Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate .
The screenplay by Patterson McNutt and Arthur J. Beckhard focuses on the adoption of a young orphan  ( Shirley Temple )  by a wealthy bachelor  ( John Boles )  and his romantic attraction to her older sister  ( Rochelle Hudson )  .
Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin .
He rose quickly up the ATP rankings , and by 1996 had reached the quarter-finals of the Wimbledon Championships .
As of May 2017 , he is ranked as the world 's best middleweight by BoxRec and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board , and second best by The Ring .
Later , it was remixed by Rock Mafia and released on August 25 , 2008 by Hollywood Records , as the second single from Cyrus ' second studio album , Breakout  ( 2008 )  .
Amy Meredith Poehler  (  [ ˈpoʊlər ]  born September 16 , 1971 )  is an American actress , comedian , director , producer , and writer .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
After signing a recording contract with A&M Records in 1982 , she became a pop icon following the release of her third studio album Control  ( 1986 )  .
Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively .
Later his grandsons split his empire into khanates .
He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield .
The film was widely acclaimed by critics , who praised the animation 's technical innovation , the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay , and the performances of Hanks and Allen .
This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award .
He has been starring in the drama series Blue Bloods as Danny Reagan with Tom Selleck  ( his TV father )  and Bridget Moynahan  ( his TV sister )  since 2010 , and since 2014 is an executive producer of the TNT reality television show Boston 's Finest .
He has joined The Fast and the Furious franchise since 2015 , having starred in Furious 7 and The Fate of the Furious .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
Shallow Hal is a 2001 American romantic comedy film starring Gwyneth Paltrow and Jack Black about a shallow man who falls in love with an overweight woman .
It has the third-largest planetary radius and fourth-largest planetary mass in the Solar System .
The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger , Bob Kane , and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman  ( April 25 , 1940 )  published by DC Comics .
Marilyn Monroe  ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 )  was an American actress and model .
As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan .
Delhi  (  [ ˈdɛli ]  ,  [ d̪ɪlliː ]  Dilli )  , officially the National Capital Territory of Delhi or NCT , is a city and a union territory of India .
The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
Martina Hingis  ( born 30 September 1980 )  is a Czechoslovak-born Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as the singles world No. 1 .
Selena Marie Gomez  (  [ səˈliːnə məˈɹiː ˈɡoʊmɛz ]  ;  [ seˈlena ˈɣomes ]  ; born July 22 , 1992 )  is an American actress and singer .
From 1996 to 1998 , Yates is known to have murdered at least 13 women , all of whom were sex workers working on Spokane 's `` Skid Row '' on E. Sprague Avenue .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name .
He was born in Halifax , West Yorkshire , and raised in Framlingham , Suffolk .
At club level , Buffon 's professional career began with Parma in 1995 , where he made his Serie A debut , and was soon promoted to the role of starting goalkeeper , earning a reputation as one of the most promising young goalkeepers in Italy ; during his time with the club , he won the Coppa Italia , the UEFA Cup and the Supercoppa Italiana , all in 1999 .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
Throughout his tenure in the WWF/WWE , Angle was a six-time world champion  ( four reigns as WWF/WWE Champion , one as WCW Champion , and one as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion )  , a one-time United States Champion , one-time Intercontinental Champion , one-time European Champion , one-time Hardcore Champion , and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
The series was renewed for a third season on October 12 , 2014 , and a fourth season on July 31 , 2015 , both before the respective previous seasons had premiered .
Traveling from east to west , one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods , to rolling plains and rugged hills , and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .
The film is directed by Kentarō Hagiwara and stars Masataka Kubota as Ken Kaneki and Fumika Shimizu as Tōka Kirishima .
He is the first black superhero in mainstream American comics , debuting years before such early African-American superheroes as Marvel Comics ' the Falcon  ( 1969 )  and Luke Cage  ( 1972 )  , and DC Comics ' Green Lantern John Stewart  ( 1971 )  and Black Lightning  ( 1977 )  .
Ann Lois Romney  ( née Davies ; born April 16 , 1949 )  is the wife of American businessman and politician , Mitt Romney .
Macaulay Carson Culkin  ( born August 26 , 1980 )  is an American actor .
With members Paul S. Denman , Andrew Hale , and Stuart Matthewman , she gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of the English band Sade .
They resumed regular touring in 1999 , with drummer Zak Starkey .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute ranked Crawford tenth on its list of the greatest female stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema .
The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed , co-produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan .
Pornhub is a pornographic video sharing website and the largest pornography site on the Internet .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Hefner is a native of Chicago , Illinois and a former journalist for Esquire .
As Roman Reigns , he made his main roster debut in November 2012 alongside Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins as The Shield .
The Crazies is a 2010 American science fiction horror film directed by Breck Eisner , with a screenplay by Scott Kosar and Ray Wright .
Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 .
Bali  ( Balinese : )  is an island and province of Indonesia .
Taal  ( English : Rhythm )  is a 1999 Bollywood musical romantic drama film co written , edited , produced and directed by Subhash Ghai .
Onika Tanya Maraj  ( born December 8 , 1982 )  , known professionally as Nicki Minaj  (  [ langpronnɪkɪ mɪ ` nɑːdʒ ]  )  , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model .
Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood .
Zooey Claire Deschanel  (  [ ˈzoʊi ˌdeɪʃəˈnɛl ]  born January 17 , 1980 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 .
The film was a commercial and critical success .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Despite receiving generally negative reviews from critics , the five films have grossed a total of $ 539 million , against a combined budget of $ 212 million .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal , is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Controversial through his political and peace activism , he moved to Manhattan in 1971 , where his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a lengthy attempt by Richard Nixon 's administration to deport him , while some of his songs were adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
A native of Atlanta , Murphy moved to Los Angeles as a teenager and pursued a career in acting .
His collaboration with Rihanna `` We Found Love '' became an international success , giving Harris his first US number one single on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Egypt is a member of the United Nations , Non-Aligned Movement , Arab League , African Union , and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .
Brooks Wackerman  ( born February 15 , 1977 )  is an American musician , currently the drummer for the American heavy metal bands Avenged Sevenfold and Mass Mental , also known as the former drummer for Bad Religion , and is the younger brother of John Bob , and Chad Wackerman  ( formerly a member of Frank Zappa 's band )  .
Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France .
Frey was the lead singer and frontman for the Eagles , roles he came to share with fellow member Don Henley , with whom he wrote most of the Eagles ' material .
Sociology is the study of social behavior or society , including its origins , development , organization , networks , and institutions .
He began his career as a White House staff assistant for Ronald Reagan , and was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce and United States Ambassador to Singapore by George H.W. Bush .
The film is directed by Imtiaz Ali and produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan .
On June 1 , 2016 , Starz renewed the series for a third and fourth season , which will adapt the third and fourth Outlander novels , Voyager and Drums of Autumn .
It stars Li , Bob Hoskins , Morgan Freeman , and Kerry Condon .
Lisa Michelle Bonet  ( born November 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Vitamin B12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin that has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and the formation of red blood cells .
System of a Down , sometimes shortened to SOAD or System , is an heavy metal band from Glendale , California , formed in 1994 .
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily  (  [ didje dʁɔɡba ]  ; born 11 March 1978 )  is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for American club Phoenix Rising FC .
His debut studio album , Channel Orange , was released in July 2012 to critical acclaim and reached No. 2 on the Billboard 200 .
Catherine Zeta-Jones ,  (  [ ˈziːtə ]  born 25 September 1969 )  is a Welsh actress .
Iran  ( ɪ , also ɪ )  , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia .
Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry .
The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures .
Briana Banks  ( born May 21 , 1978 )  is the stage name of a German American pornographic actress and model .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
Eric Frederick Trump  ( born January 6 , 1984 )  is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality .
Charles , Prince of Wales  ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 )  is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
Diana  ( stylized as diana )  is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records .
In 2015 , she reprised her role as Lindsay in Wet Hot American Summer for the Netflix miniseries Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
`` Look at My Dab ''  ( also titled `` Bitch Dab '' )  is a song by American hip hop group Migos .
Tender Mercies is a 1983 American drama film directed by Bruce Beresford .
Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
Kate & Leopold is a 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy that tells a story of a duke who travels through time from New York in 1876 to the present and falls in love with a woman in modern New York .
A member of the Democratic Party , he was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and was the fourth-longest-serving senator in United States history , having served there for almost 47 years .
Taylor Kitsch  ( born April 8 , 1981 )  is a Canadian actor and model .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
He is noted for his leading roles in TV series , Dharam Veer  ( 2008 )  , Balika Vadhu  ( 2009 )  , Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo  ( 2010 )  , V The Serial  ( 2012 )  and Qubool Hai  ( 2013 )  and in Bollywood movies Lootera and Dil Dhadakne Do .
How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving .
Eric Marlon Bishop  ( born December 13 , 1967 )  , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian .
His poems are known for their irony , characterization , dark humour , social commentary , historical settings , and challenging vocabulary and syntax .
He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season .
Seville  (  [ səˈvɪl ]  Sevilla  [ seˈβiʎa ]  ,  [ seˈβi ʝa ]  )  is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville , Spain .
The plot deals with the sacrifices that contestants in the Miss America pageant typically must make .
In 1679 , Titus Oates 's revelations of a supposed `` Popish Plot '' sparked the Exclusion Crisis when it was revealed that Charles 's brother and heir  ( James , Duke of York )  was a Catholic .
Futbol Club Barcelona  (  [ fubˈbɔɫ ˈkɫub bərsəˈɫonə ]  )  , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. .
He made a great number of guest appearances in well-known television shows and starred in a handful of films , including a cult classic , Robinson Crusoe on Mars .
The ketogenic diet is a high-fat , adequate-protein , low-carbohydrate diet that in medicine is used primarily to treat difficult-to-control  ( refractory )  epilepsy in children .
Goldblum starred in films including Invasion of the Body Snatchers  ( 1978 )  , The Big Chill  ( 1983 )  and Into the Night  ( 1985 )  before coming to the attention of wider audiences in David Cronenberg 's The Fly  ( 1986 )  which earned him a Saturn Award for Best Actor .
In 2009 , they released digitally remastered deluxe editions of their albums Paul 's Boutique , Check Your Head , Ill Communication and Hello Nasty .
In 2005 , Tennis magazine selected her as the greatest female tennis player for the years 1965 through 2005 .
Lee Harvey Oswald  ( October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 )  was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 .
Outside of music , he has had roles in the Saw films , The Sixth Sense , Dreamcatcher , and Righteous Kill , also appearing in the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers as First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton .
Anna Helene Paquin  (  [ ˈpækwɪn ]  born 24 July 1982 )  is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress .
The trailer of film was released on 14 October 2016 .
Hisense Co. , Ltd. .
The film also stars Alex Pettyfer , Johnny Knoxville , Colin Hanks , and Evan Peters .
The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal , Mélanie Laurent and Sarah Gadon and revolves around two men who are physically identical .
Lee Min-ho  ( , born June 22 , 1987 )  is a South Korean actor and singer .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
With Pink Floyd , he recorded four singles , their debut album  ( and contributed to the second one )  , and several unreleased songs .
After adopting the stage name Katy Perry and being dropped by The Island Def Jam Music Group and Columbia Records , she signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in April 2007 .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
Venus is a terrestrial planet and is sometimes called Earth 's `` sister planet '' because of their similar size , mass , proximity to the Sun , and bulk composition .
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services .
London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation .
It is approximately 1070 km east-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina ; 1236 km south of Cape Sable Island , Nova Scotia ; and 1578 km north of San Juan , Puerto Rico .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Ruggiero is a native of Old Bridge Township , New Jersey .
Lauren Bacall  (  [ ˌlɔːrən bəˈkɔːl ]  , born Betty Joan Perske ; September 16 , 1924 -- August 12 , 2014 )  was an American actress and singer known for her distinctive voice and sultry looks .
Bradford  [ ˈbrædfərd ]  is in the Metropolitan Borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England , in the foothills of the Pennines 8.6 mi west of Leeds , and 16 mi northwest of Wakefield .
Prevention is by eating a healthy diet , regular exercise , maintaining a healthy weight and not smoking .
Page Hamilton  ( born May 18 , 1960 )  is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and record producer , mostly noted for his work with alternative metal band Helmet .
Produced by Illumination Entertainment for Universal Pictures , it was directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda , written by Brian Lynch , and produced by Chris Meledandri and Janet Healy .
In January 2010 , it was announced that the Tetris franchise had sold more than 170 million copies , approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones , making it the best selling paid-downloaded game of all time .
Marta Fran Kauffman  ( born September 21 , 1956 )  is an American writer and TV producer , best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom Friends , alongside David Crane .
Holiday : A Soldier Is Never Off Duty is a 2014 Indian action thriller film written and directed by A. R. Murugadoss , and produced by Vipul Shah .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
Situated on the southern tip of the Balkan peninsula , it shares land borders with Albania to the northwest , the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria to the north , and Turkey to the northeast .
After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos .
Tyler Gregory Okonma  ( born March 6 , 1991 )  , better known by his stage name Tyler , The Creator , is an American rapper , record producer , and music video director .
The Group of Seven  ( G7 )  was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada  ( since 1976 )  and the President of the European Commission  ( starting officially in 1981 )  .
He has received three Golden Globe awards , a Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory  ( 1989 )  and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller Training Day  ( 2001 )  .
It is located at the westernmost end of the Lesser Sunda Islands , between Java to the west and Lombok to the east .
Schindler 's List premiered on November 30 , 1993 , in Washington , D.C. and it was released on December 15 , 1993 , in the United States .
Edward Harrison Norton  ( born August 18 , 1969 )  is an American actor , filmmaker and activist .
Collin studied aesthetics and the philosophy of film at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , He edited the university 's student newspaper , The Saint .
The company began as an Internet merchant of books and expanded to a wide variety of products and services , most recently video streaming and audio streaming .
The album became an instant commercial success in the United States , selling 1.1 million copies in its first week .
Kaczynski was born and raised in Evergreen Park , Illinois .
Quinoa  (  [ ˈkiːnwɑː ]  or  [ kɪˈnoʊ.ə ]  , from Quechua kinwa or kinuwa )  is the common name for Chenopodium quinoa , a flowering plant in the amaranth family Amaranthaceae .
She signed with Storm Model Management after leaving school in 2009 .
Jennifer Kate Hudson  ( born September 12 , 1981 )  is an American singer , actress and spokesperson .
The film stars Seth Rogen , Zac Efron , Rose Byrne , Dave Franco and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
After joining the National Youth Theatre and studying Drama and Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia , he became an actor in 2003 , performing in plays like Murder in the Cathedral , Fresh Kills , The History Boys , and On the Shore of the Wide World in London theatres .
`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions  ( 2012 )  , as the opening track .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
Craven filmed A Nightmare on Elm Street on an estimated budget of $ 1.8 million , a sum the film earned back during its first week .
Never Go Back is the eighteenth book in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child .
It was adapted for the British television network ITV in 1996 , directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and dramatised by Andrew Davies , the same year as Miramax 's film adaptation of Emma starring Gwyneth Paltrow .
Gwen Renée Stefani  (  [ gwɛn ˈstəˈfɑːni ]  born October 3 , 1969 )  is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality .
Diseases , most notably plague , also spread along the Silk Routes .
Dirt  ( styled d!rt for logos )  is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network .
Caryn Mandabach produced ground-breaking US hits including The Cosby Show , Roseanne , A Different World  ( 1990 -- 1993 )  , Grace Under Fire  ( 1993 -- 1998 )  , Cybill  ( 1995 -- 1998 )  , 3rd Rock from the Sun  ( 1997 -- 2001 )  , That '80s Show  ( 2002 )  , That '70s Show  ( 1998 -- 2004 )  , and Grounded for Life  ( 2001 -- 2005 )  .
He is best known for his roles in television dramas The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince  ( 2007 )  and Guardian : The Lonely and Great God  ( 2016-2017 )  , and the films Silenced  ( 2011 )  , The Age of Shadows  ( 2016 )  , and Train to Busan  ( 2016 )  .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades , becoming acclaimed by critics and other musicians for his innovative work .
Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .
The thirty-minute Wednesday evening show began airing on CBS as a summer 1976 show and it continued into the 1976 -- 1977 season , finishing on March 9 , 1977 after running for 12 episodes .
The film was Winona Ryder 's screen debut .
He won the WWF Intercontinental Championship twice and the WWF Tag Team Championship five times .
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
Capra actually filmed the movie in 1941 because of star Cary Grant 's availability , but it was not released until 1944 , after the original stage version had finished its run on Broadway .
Russia 's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world ; other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg , Novosibirsk , Yekaterinburg , Nizhny Novgorod and Kazan .
The books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .
The song was serviced to mainstream radios on January 23 , 2007 and to Rhythmic radios on February 20 , 2007 in the United States , through A&M Records , together with will.i.am Music Group and Interscope Records .
Scarlett Johansson stars as Griet , a young 17th-century servant in the household of the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer  ( played by Colin Firth )  at the time he painted Girl with a Pearl Earring  ( 1665 )  in the city of Delft in Holland .
Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company .
Nelson has acted in over 30 films , co-authored several books , and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana .
The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn .
The film follows a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants over the course of an evening at a remote summer home .
After losing in the 2008 NBA Finals , he led the Lakers to two consecutive championships in 2009 and 2010 , earning the Finals MVP Award on both occasions .
Napoleon Bonaparte  (  [ nəˈpoʊliən ˈboʊnəpɑrt ]   [ napɔleɔ̃ bɔnapaʁt ]  ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 )  was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Islam emphasizes that God is strictly singular : unique , inherently One , also all-merciful and omnipotent .
The film is about the lives of wealthy Los Angeles , California teenagers whose exposure to hip hop culture inspires them to imitate the gangster lifestyle .
She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films George Wallace  ( 1997 )  and Gia  ( 1998 )  , and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl , Interrupted  ( 1999 )  .
She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .
Coca is any of the four cultivated plants in the family Erythroxylaceae , native to western South America .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Monarch of the Glen is a British drama television series produced by Ecosse Films for BBC Scotland and broadcast on BBC One for seven series between 2000 and 2005 .
His poem `` September on Jessore Road , '' calling attention to the plight of Bangladeshi refugees , exemplifies what the literary critic Helen Vendler described as Ginsberg 's tireless persistence in protesting against `` imperial politics , and persecution of the powerless . ''
Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman .
Scotland  (  [ ˈskɒt.lənd ]  Scots :  [ - scoˈskɔt.lənd ]  Alba  [ ˈal̪ˠapə ]  )  is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain .
Matthew Ryan Phillippe  (  [ ˈfɪlᵻpi ]  born September 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor , director , and writer .
Adam Richard Wiles  ( born 17 January 1984 )  , known professionally as Calvin Harris , is a Scottish record producer , DJ , singer and songwriter .
The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .
He has been host of The Marc Maron Show and co-host of both Morning Sedition and Breakroom Live , all politically oriented shows produced by Air America Media .
Despite being colorblind , Newman won several national championships as a driver in Sports Car Club of America road racing , and his race teams won several championships in open wheel IndyCar racing .
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
The iPhone 5C  ( marketed with a stylized lowercase ` c ' as iPhone 5c )  is a smartphone that was designed and marketed by Apple Inc. .
Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci  (  [ leoˈnardo di ˌsɛr ˈpjɛːro da  ( v )  ˈvintʃi ]  ; 15 April 14522 May 1519 )  , more commonly Leonardo da Vinci or simply Leonardo , was an Italian polymath whose areas of interest included invention , painting , sculpting , architecture , science , music , mathematics , engineering , literature , anatomy , geology , astronomy , botany , writing , history , and cartography .
For his work Millar has been nominated for four Eisner Awards and two Eagle Awards , and in June 2013 he was recognized by Queen Elizabeth II as a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire for services to film and literature .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Before his reign , Philip occupied an exalted place in the royal family of France as a grandson of King Louis XIV .
The character first appeared in Swamp Thing Vol .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise , centered on a film series created by George Lucas .
He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup .
Avatar : The Last Airbender  ( Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions )  is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons  ( referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card )  on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Bell gained critical acclaim for her first major role as the title character in the teen noir drama television series Veronica Mars  ( 2004 -- 07 )  .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
He continued to co-write , including the songs `` Do n't Forget Where You Belong '' , `` Why Do n't We Go There '' and `` Story of My Life '' for the album Midnight Memories ; `` Night Changes '' , `` Fool 's Gold '' and `` Change Your Ticket '' for the album Four ; and `` Wolves '' , `` A.M. '' , `` Temporary Fix '' and `` Never Enough '' for the band 's fifth album Made in the A.M. .
Conor Anthony McGregor  ( Irish : Conchúr Antóin Mac Gréagóir ; born 14 July 1988 )  is an Irish professional mixed martial artist who is currently signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship  ( UFC )  .
Elizabeth II  ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 )  has been Queen of the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and New Zealand since 6 February 1952 .
With over $ 1 billion in revenue worldwide , it is the 29th-highest-grossing film of all time , unadjusted for inflation .
Robert Selden Duvall  (  [ duːˈvɔːl ]  born January 5 , 1931 )  is an American actor and filmmaker .
He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory .
Carice Anouk van Houten  (  [ kaːˈris ɑˈnuk vɑn ˈɦʌu̯tə  ( n )  ]  ; born 5 September 1976 )  is a Dutch actress and singer .
Nasir Bin Olu Dara Jones  (  [ nɑːˈsɪər ]  born September 14 , 1973 )  , better known by his stage name Nas  [ ˈnɑːz ]  , is an American rapper , record producer , actor , and entrepreneur .
He was nominated for four Golden Globe Awards , for projects such as the television series Kung Fu  ( 1972 -- 1975 )  , the Woody Guthrie biopic Bound for Glory  ( 1976 )  and the miniseries North and South  ( 1985 )  .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
She first gained fame for her teen role as Tamera Campbell on the ABC/WB sitcom Sister , Sister  ( opposite her identical twin sister Tia Mowry )  .
`` Anaconda '' is a song by Trinidadian-born American rapper Nicki Minaj , from her third studio album , The Pinkprint  ( 2014 )  .
Time magazine 's obituary of him noted that : `` His fans would remember him as the fellow who split talk show history into two eras : Before Paar and Below Paar . ''
Shot in a mockumentary format , it follows the contestants in a beauty pageant called the Sarah Rose Cosmetics Mount Rose American Teen Princess Pageant , held in the small fictional town of Mount Rose , Minnesota , in which various contestants die in suspicious ways .
The Taj Mahal  (  [ ˌtɑːdʒ məˈhɑːl ]  , more often  [ ˈtɑːʒ ]  meaning Crown of the Palace )  is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
London  [ ˈlʌndən ]  is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom .
It was filmed from November 2010 , with Hilton 's court-ordered community service stemming from her arrest in Las Vegas , Nevada for cocaine possession , to February 2011 , with her birthday party , the series co-starred Brooke Mueller , Lexi Dreyfus , Jennifer Rovero , Allison Melnick , Brooke Brinson  ( daughter of Kim Richards )  , Hilton 's then-boyfriend Cy Waits , and Kathy Hilton .
It is set in the late 21st century and centers on the crew of the spaceship Prometheus as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures .
Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.Although Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign state , two of its Overseas Territories also share land borders with other sovereign countries .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
The song was written by Fernando Garibay , Sheppard Solomon and Ralph McCarthy , and produced by Garibay with additional production by Solomon .
A humanist , he was a part of the transition between transcendentalism and realism , incorporating both views in his works .
Victoria Leigh Blum  ( born October 15 , 1955 )  , known by the stage name Tanya Roberts , is an American actress and producer .
He was the last king of the House of York and the last of the Plantagenet dynasty .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
He is known for his role as Tim `` The Toolman '' Taylor in the ABC television show Home Improvement  ( 1991 -- 1999 )  as well as for his starring roles in several films , including the role of Buzz Lightyear in the Toy Story franchise .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Las Vegas  (  [ lɑːs ˈveɪɡəs ]  , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' )  , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County .
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock  ( 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 )  was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' .
Emily Jean `` Emma '' Stone  ( born November 6 , 1988 )  is an American actress .
The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
The film grossed over $ 1.104 billion worldwide , making it the highest-grossing film of 2014 , the second highest-grossing film in the Transformers series , the 19th film to gross over $ 1 billion , and the 16th highest-grossing film of all time .
He graduated fourth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1918 and was commissioned into the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers .
In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley .
Time magazine chose the book as one of the 100 best English-language novels  ( 1923 to 2005 )  ; it also featured at number 31 on the Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels .
Stagira  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrə ]  )  , Stagirus  (  [ stəˈdʒaɪrəs ]  )  , or Stageira  ( Στάγειρα or Στάγειρος )  was an ancient Greek city , located in central Macedonia , near the eastern coast of the peninsula of Chalkidice , and is chiefly known for being the birthplace of Aristotle , who was a Greek philosopher and polymath , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great .
Solange Piaget Knowles  (  [ soʊˈlɑːnʒ ]  born June 24 , 1986 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , model and actress .
The 79th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences  ( AMPAS )  , honored the best films of 2006 and took place February 25 , 2007 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. .
Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations  ( two wins )  , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection  ( 1980 )  and Requiem for a Dream  ( 2000 )  .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
The album , preceded by the single `` Young & Gettin ' It '' , debuted at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 .
Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher  ( 2000 )  , An American Rhapsody ,  ( 2001 )  and Passionada  ( 2002 )  .
Christopher Marlowe , also known as Kit Marlowe  ( baptised 26 February 156430 May 1593 )  , was an English playwright , poet and translator of the Elizabethan era .
She has starred in television series such as The Nativity , Being Erica , and Heartland .
The seventh series started on ITV on 21 August 2010 and ended on 12 December 2010 .
The pilot episode was written by Jon Bokenkamp and directed by Joe Carnahan .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom  ( UK )  or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe .
Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr.  ( born Floyd Joy Sinclair ; February 24 , 1977 )  is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1996 to 2015 , and currently works as a boxing promoter .
Nicole Scherzinger  (  [ niˈkoʊl ˈʃɜːzɪŋər ]  born Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Valiente ; June 29 , 1978 )  is an American recording artist , actress and television personality born in Honolulu , Hawaii and raised in Louisville , Kentucky .
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
Neal Joseph Schon  ( born February 27 , 1954 )  is an American rock guitarist , songwriter , and vocalist , best known for his work with the bands Journey and Bad English .
Lauren Helen Graham  ( born March 16 , 1967 )  is an American actress and author .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label  ( A&M Records in 1988 )  , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
He was known for his leading role as a peace-loving Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine , in the 1970s television series Kung Fu .
Anthony Charles Lynton Blair  ( born 6 May 1953 )  is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007 .
Gerard James Butler  ( born 13 November 1969 )  is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
Superunknown is the fourth album by American rock band Soundgarden , released on March 8 , 1994 , through A&M Records .
The pilot episode was broadcast on May 19 , 2009 , and the first season aired from September 9 , 2009 , to June 8 , 2010 .
He also hosts a talk show , which airs on radio and television .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
`` Do n't Let Me Down '' became their first top 5 single there and won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 59th awards ceremony , while `` Closer '' became their first number-one single on the chart .
In Too Deep is a 1999 American crime thriller film directed by Michael Rymer from a screenplay written by Michael Henry Brown and Paul Aaron .
Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company  ( ABC )  as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .
He received the National Medal of Arts in 2005 .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Andrew Jackson  ( March 15 , 1767 -- June 8 , 1845 )  was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party .
Based on Émile Zola 's 1867 classic novel Thérèse Raquin , the film stars Elizabeth Olsen , Tom Felton , Oscar Isaac and Jessica Lange .
The Illuminati  ( plural of Latin illuminatus , `` enlightened '' )  is a name given to several groups , both real and fictitious .
Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate , despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle .
The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies .
School 2013 is a 2012 South Korean television series starring Jang Nara , Choi Daniel , Lee Jong-suk and Kim Woo Bin .
Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock  ( 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 )  was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' .
The Star Trek canon of the franchise includes The Original Series , an animated series , four spin-off television series , its film franchise and an upcoming television series scheduled to debut in 2017 .
From the Earth to the Moon is a twelve-part HBO television miniseries  ( 1998 )  co-produced by Ron Howard , Brian Grazer , Tom Hanks , and Michael Bostick , telling the story of the landmark Apollo expeditions to the Moon during the 1960s and early 1970s in docudrama format .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of governance .
She is known for portraying Inara Serra in the series Firefly and the follow-up film Serenity , Adria in the series Stargate SG-1 and the follow-up film Stargate : The Ark of Truth , Anna in the 2009 version of the series V , Vanessa in the superhero comedy film Deadpool , and Jessica Brody in the Showtime series Homeland  ( for which she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 )  .
Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael , California .
His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo .
Miranda Taylor Cosgrove  ( born May 14 , 1993 )  is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
Telangana is bordered by the states of Maharashtra to the north and north west , Chhattisgarh to the north , Karnataka to the west and Andhra Pradesh to the east and south .
It was released on October 27 , 2014 by Astralwerks .
Mexico City , or the City of Mexico  ( Ciudad de México ,  [ sjuˈða ðe ˈmexiko ]  ; abbreviated as `` CDMX '' )  , is the capital and most populous city of Mexico .
George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth Jr.  ( February 6 , 1895 -- August 16 , 1948 )  was an American professional baseball player whose career in Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  spanned 22 seasons , from 1914 through 1935 .
She has worked as a spokesmodel for Dannon and H&M , and has appeared in numerous commercials for McDonald 's , Volkswagen and others .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons .
Klitschko has fought in 29 heavyweight title fights , more than any heavyweight champion in the sport 's history .
Sa Talaiassa  (  [ sə təɫəˈjasə ]  )  , also known as Sa Talaia or Sa Talaia de Sant Josep , is the highest mountain in the island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands of Spain .
Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans in many parts of the world , continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures , and to the present day in parts of tropical Africa .
He is especially known for his Jack Reacher novel series .
Carrie Frances Fisher  ( October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 )  was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series .
Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets .
She subsequently signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records , and her debut studio album Meet Miley Cyrus  ( 2007 )  was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America  ( RIAA )  having shipped over three million units .
It was produced by Granada Productions  ( formerly Granada Television )  and premiered on BBC One on 26 December 2007 .
Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 55th Grammy Awards , but lost to Take Care by Drake .
Willard Mitt Romney  ( born March 12 , 1947 )  is an American businessman and politician who served as the 70th Governor of Massachusetts from 2003 to 2007 and the Republican Party 's nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
Since this time , Bradford has emerged as a tourist destination , becoming the first UNESCO City of Film with attractions such as the National Science and Media Museum , Bradford City Park , the Alhambra theatre and Cartwright Hall .
Terence Steven `` Steve '' McQueen  ( March 24 , 1930 -- November 7 , 1980 )  was an American actor .
Margalit Ruth `` Maggie '' Gyllenhaal  (  [ ˈdʒɪlənhɑːl ]  born November 16 , 1977 in New York City )  is an American actress .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco  ( born February 16 , 1982 )  , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco  (  [ ˈluːpeɪ ]  )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Paul Thomas Anderson  ( born June 26 , 1970 )  also known as P.T. Anderson , is an American filmmaker .
Fairfield Grammar School was a secondary school in Bristol , England , founded in 1898 as Fairfield Secondary and Higher Grade School .
It is the title track from her twenty-second album of the same name  ( 1998 )  , and was released as the lead single from the album on October 19 , 1998 by Warner Bros. .
In 1997 , Garland was posthumously awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .
Robert Rihmeek Williams  ( born May 6 , 1987 )  , better known by his stage name Meek Mill , is an American hip hop recording artist .
He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total .
Bush was born in Milton , Massachusetts , to Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush .
Mayte Michelle Rodriguez  (  [ rɑːˈdriːgɛz ]  born July 12 , 1978 )  is an American actress and screenwriter .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers .
The series is a reboot of the popular 1997 TV series La Femme Nikita  ( itself based on the 1990 Luc Besson film Nikita )  .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise .
It debuted on Disney Channel on January 17 , 2003 , and ended its run on November 10 , 2007 .
Rautela was crowned
His feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic 300  ( 2007 )  as a Spartan warrior ; his earlier roles included various stage productions , as well as starring roles on television such as in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers  ( 2001 )  and the Sky One fantasy drama Hex  ( 2004 -- 05 )  .
A drama school , stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university ; or a free-standing institution  ( such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School )  ; which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts , such as acting , design and technical theatre , arts administration , and related subjects .
`` Here Comes the Sun '' is a song written by George Harrison that was first released on the Beatles ' 1969 album Abbey Road .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Their subsequent releases have pioneered alternative release platforms such as pay-what-you-want and BitTorrent .
It was created by Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan , based on their novel trilogy of the same name .
Troy Edward Baker  ( born April 1 , 1976 )  is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games .
Mary Marvel was one of the first female spin-offs of a major male superhero , and predates the introduction of Superman 's female cousin Supergirl  ( also created by Otto Binder )  by more than a decade .
Moana  (  [ moʊˈɑːnə ]  )  is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
In 2016 , she portrayed First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy in the biographical drama Jackie .
The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine .
The Great British Sewing Bee is a BBC Two reality game show between 2 April 2013 and 4 July 2016 , in which amateur sewers compete to be named `` Britain 's best home sewer '' .
Jeff Bezos  (  [ ˈbeɪzoʊs ]  born Jeffrey Preston Jorgensen ; January 12 , 1964 )  is an American technology and retail entrepreneur , investor , and philanthropist who is best known as the founder , chairman , and chief executive officer of Amazon.com , which is the world 's largest online shopping retailer .
Joan Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born October 11 , 1962 )  is an American actress .
Magna Carta Libertatum  ( Medieval Latin for `` the Great Charter of the Liberties '' )  , commonly called Magna Carta  ( also Magna Charta ; ''  ( the )  Great Charter '' )  , is a charter agreed to by King John of England at Runnymede , near Windsor , on 15 June 1215 .
In January 2015 , Tennant received the National Television Award for Special Recognition .
He has received three Golden Globe awards , a Tony Award , and two Academy Awards : Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film Glory  ( 1989 )  and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller Training Day  ( 2001 )  .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
The killer whale or orca  ( Orcinus orca )  is a toothed whale belonging to the oceanic dolphin family , of which it is the largest member .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is an American television black comedy sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III  ( born April 3 , 1958 )  is an American actor , writer , producer , and comedian .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
Rear Window is a 1998 American made-for-television crime-drama thriller film directed by Jeff Bleckner .
A phylogenetic tree or evolutionary tree is a branching diagram or `` tree '' showing the inferred evolutionary relationships among various biological species or other entities -- their phylogeny -- based upon similarities and differences in their physical or genetic characteristics .
She began as a child actress in the early 1940s , and was one of the most popular stars of classical Hollywood cinema in the 1950s .
Based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Ray Bradbury , the film takes place in a controlled society in an oppressive future in which a fireman , whose duty it is to burn all literature , becomes a fugitive for reading .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Pertwee is most known for starring as the Third Doctor in the science-fiction series Doctor Who between 1970 and 1974 .
Sindh  [ sɪnd ]   ( سنڌ ;  [ )  is one of the four provinces of Pakistan , in the southeast of the country .
The number is a mathematical constant , the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter , commonly approximated as 3.14159 .
Homer refers to her as Artemis Agrotera , Potnia Theron : `` Artemis of the wildland , Mistress of Animals '' .
Berlin  (  [ bəɹˈlɪn ]  ,  [ bɛɐ̯ˈliːn ]  )  is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states .
The show featured the Duggar family : parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their nineteen children -- nine girls and ten boys , all of whose names begin with the letter `` J. '' During the life of the show , three children were born , three children were married and four grandchildren were born .
He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine  ( 2009 )  , Battleship  ( 2012 )  , John Carter  ( 2012 )  , Savages  ( 2012 )  , and Lone Survivor  ( 2013 )  .
He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 .
Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science-fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
They include the Gallo-Romance and Iberian-Romance branches as well as northern Italian .
The 1983 -- 84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association .
The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy .
Christopher `` Chris '' O'Dowd  ( born 9 October 1979 )  is an Irish actor , best known for comedic roles such as Roy Trenneman in the Channel 4 comedy The IT Crowd .
Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and produced by M. S. Reddy .
Monica Seles  (  [ ˈsɛləs ]  Szeles Mónika , Моника Селеш , Monika Seleš ,  [ ˈsɛlɛʃ ]  , born December 2 , 1973 )  is a former Yugoslav world no. 1 professional tennis player and a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame .
`` Little Boy '' was the codename for the atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress Enola Gay , piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Jr. , commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces .
It stars the voices of Steve Carell in a dual role , Kristen Wiig , and Trey Parker .
Samuel Henry John Worthington  ( born 2 August 1976 )  is a British-born Australian actor .
The film grossed a total of $ 402.1 million in the US and Canada and $ 434.2 million in other territories , for a total of $ 836.3 million worldwide .
He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009 .
Appian Way Productions is a film production company in West Hollywood , California , established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio .
The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands , steppe , taiga , rock canyons , hills , deltas , snow-capped mountains , and deserts .
A highly multilingual country , Swahili is used in parliamentary debate , in the lower courts , and as a medium of instruction in primary school ; and English is used in foreign trade , in diplomacy , in higher courts , and as a medium of instruction in secondary and higher education , although the Tanzanian government plans to discontinue English as a language of instruction altogether .
It stars Gregory Peck and Laurence Olivier and features James Mason , Lilli Palmer , Uta Hagen , Denholm Elliott , and Steve Guttenberg in supporting roles .
Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada , where the modern version of the sport was created , and enjoys immense popularity ; alongside Canada , hockey is the most popular winter sport in Finland , Latvia , the Czech Republic , Sweden , Slovakia , Belarus and Switzerland .
Darth Vader , also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker , is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise .
Bangladesh  (  [ bæŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ ˌbɑːŋɡləˈdɛʃ ]   [ : bn : বাংলাদেশ , বাংলাদেশ ]  ,  [ ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ ]  , lit .
One of his better-known roles was Jack Bauer on the Fox drama series 24  ( 2001 -- 2010 )  , for which he earned an Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards and two Satellite Awards .
Kerr was the first Australian Victoria 's Secret model and also represented the Australian department store chain David Jones .
Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy  ( 1996 )  , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy  ( 2004 )  , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby  ( 2006 )  , Superbad  ( 2007 )  , Forgetting Sarah Marshall  ( 2008 )  , Step Brothers  ( 2008 )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , Get Him to the Greek  ( 2010 )  , Bridesmaids  ( 2011 )  , The Five-Year Engagement  ( 2012 )  , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues  ( 2013 )  .
Michael Edward `` Mike '' Love  ( born March 15 , 1941 )  is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beach Boys .
Alpha Centauri  ( α Centauri , abbreviated Alpha Cen , α Cen )  is the closest star system to the Solar System , being 4.37 ly from the Sun .
Most of the episodes of the two seasons were directed by the Wachowskis  ( or just Lana , in the second season )  , with the remainder being divided between their frequent collaborators James McTeigue , Tom Tykwer and Dan Glass .
The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
Gore was also the subject of the Academy Award-winning  ( 2007 )  documentary An Inconvenient Truth in 2006 .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
Taipei  (  [ ˌtaɪˈpeɪ ]  )  , officially known as Taipei City , is the capital city and a special municipality of Taiwan .
Lucas
Produced by Dr. Dre , the track features American rapper Eve , and is a remake of Louchie Lou & Michie One 's 1993 song of the same name , which is in turn an adaptation of the Fiddler on the Roof song `` If I Were a Rich Man '' .
Malala Yousafzai  ( Malālah Yūsafzay :  [ ; ملاله یوسفزۍ  [ məˈlaːlə jusəf ˈzəj ]  born 12 July 1997 )  is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate .
It has the longest rotation period  ( 243 days )  of any planet in the Solar System and rotates in the opposite direction to most other planets .
Starr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during childhood , and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations fell behind in school .
After the European discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 .
John Patrick McEnroe Jr.  ( born February 16 , 1959 )  is an American former World No. 1 professional tennis player , often rated among the greatest players of all time in the sport , especially for his touch on the volley .
Michael Craig `` Mike '' Judge  ( born October 17 , 1962 )  is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , and musician .
Terminator Genisys is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Alan Taylor and written by Laeta Kalogridis and Patrick Lussier .
Kazakhstan  (  [ USkæzækˈstæn ,   ˌkɑːzɑːkˈstɑːn ]  ,  [ ˌkæzəkˈstɑːn ,   - ˈstæn ]  Қазақстан , tr .
Snowden is a 2016 American-German biographical political thriller film directed by Oliver Stone and written by Stone and Kieran Fitzgerald , based on the books The Snowden Files by Luke Harding and Time of the Octopus by Anatoly Kucherena .
The film was animated by the French animation studio Mac Guff , which was later acquired by Illumination Entertainment .
Faheem Rashad Najm  ( born September 30 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida .
The Rockets compete in the National Basketball Association  ( NBA )  , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Southwest Division .
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field , at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket  ( a set of three wooden stumps )  at each end .
All the Pretty Horses is a 2000 American romance western film produced and directed by Billy Bob Thornton , and based on Cormac McCarthy 's novel of the same name .
The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed , co-produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan .
It is drawn from the novel of the same name by James Ellroy and stars Josh Hartnett , Scarlett Johansson , Aaron Eckhart and Hilary Swank .
She is Head of the Commonwealth and Queen of 12 countries that have become independent since her accession : Jamaica , Barbados , the Bahamas , Grenada , Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands , Tuvalu , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Belize , Antigua and Barbuda , and Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Marie Antoinette  (  [ ˈmæriˌæntwəˈnɛt ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːntwə - ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːtwə - ]  ,  [ məˈriː - ]   [ maʁi ɑ̃twanɛt ]  ; born Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna  ( 2 November 1755 -- 16 October 1793 )  was the last Queen of France and Navarre before the French Revolution .
Music Bank is a South Korean music program which airs every Friday at 17:00 KST on KBS2 .
Eragon is a 2006 British-American action-fantasy film directed by Stefen Fangmeier  ( in his directorial debut )  and written by Peter Buchman , based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Paolini .
Dylan O'Brien  ( born August 26 , 1991 )  is an American actor .
It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki , an adolescent ninja who searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage , the leader of his village .
English  [ ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ ]  is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now the global lingua franca .
Convicted of fifteen of the sixteen murders he had committed in Wisconsin , Dahmer was sentenced to fifteen terms of life imprisonment on February 15 , 1992 .
Arcade Fire is a Canadian indie rock band based in Montreal , Quebec , consisting of husband and wife Win Butler and Régine Chassagne , along with Win 's younger brother William Butler , Richard Reed Parry , Tim Kingsbury and Jeremy Gara .
Gareth Elwin Neame OBE  ( born 8 March 1967 )  is a British Emmy and Golden Globe award winning television producer and executive .
Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film adapted from the novel of the same title by Amanda Brown .
Catherine Elise Blanchett  (  [ ˈblæntʃət ]  born 14 May 1969 )  is an Australian actress and theatre director .
Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker .
Stephanie Young Hwang  ( born August 1 , 1989 )  , known professionally as Tiffany or Tiffany Hwang , is an American singer based in South Korea .
Rachel Anne McAdams  ( born November 17 , 1978 )  is a Canadian actress .
John Nash  ( 18 January 1752 -- 13 May 1835 )  was a British architect responsible for much of the layout of Regency London under the patronage of the Prince Regent , and during his reign as George IV .
It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
The body consists of the Canadian monarch , represented by a viceroy , the governor general ; an upper house : the Senate ; and a lower house : the House of Commons .
He is known for his roles in television as Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives , which earned him several Daytime Emmy Award nominations , as well as Alec/X5 -494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Felicity Rose Hadley Jones  ( born 17 October 1983 )  is an English actress .
Susan `` Sue '' Nicola Vertue  ( born 21 September 1960 in Surrey )  is an English television producer , mainly of comedy shows , including Mr. Bean and Coupling .
In addition to the mainland , the country is made up of more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film .
Priyanka Chopra  (  [ prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ]  ; born 18 July 1982 )  is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant .
Mad Men is an American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner and produced by Lionsgate Television .
Iverson was an eleven-time NBA All-Star , won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005 , and was the NBA 's Most Valuable Player  ( MVP )  in 2001 .
Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa .
It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 .
Morgan Freeman  ( born June 1 , 1937 )  is an American actor , producer and narrator .
She was introduced in the pilot .
Greenpeace is a non-governmental environmental organization with offices in over 40 countries and with an international coordinating body in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Delta Air Lines , Inc.  ( `` Delta '' ; )  is a major American airline , with its headquarters and largest hub at Hartsfield -- Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia .
Qatar  (  [ ˈkætɑːr ]  ,  [ kəˈtɑːr ]  قطر  [ ˈqɑtˤɑr ]  Local vernacular pronunciation :  [ ˈɡɪtˤɑr ]  )  , officially the State of Qatar , is a sovereign country located in Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula .
Howard Robard Hughes Jr.  ( December 24 , 1905 -- April 5 , 1976 )  was an American businessman , investor , pilot , film director , and philanthropist , known during his lifetime as one of the most financially successful individuals in the world .
He produced The Departed  ( 2006 )  and 12 Years a Slave  ( 2013 )  , both of which won the Academy Award for Best Picture , and also The Tree of Life , Moneyball , and The Big Short  ( 2015 )  , all of which garnered Best Picture nominations .
Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
, Alonso is the only Spanish driver to have won a Formula One Grand Prix and is the driver with the sixth highest number of Grand Prix wins , with .
Produced in part by long time Simpsons producer James L. Brooks , it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg , who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
A prolific `` B '' movie actor , he appeared in more than 100 feature films in career spanning over sixty years .
On March 11 , 2016 , The CW renewed the series for an eighth season , but on July 23 , 2016 , announced that the eighth season , which would have 16 episodes , would be the show 's last .
`` Dirty Diana '' is a song by American artist Michael Jackson .
Pan Am is an American period drama television series created by writer Jack Orman .
She played gym teacher Ms. Collins in the 1976 Brian de Palma film Carrie and went on to star in the short-lived Broadway musical version of Carrie in 1988 , this time playing Carrie 's mother , Margaret White .
Braveheart is a 1995 American epic war film directed by and starring Mel Gibson .
Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone .
Propelled to international success by social media , One Direction 's five albums , Up All Night  ( 2011 )  , Take Me Home  ( 2012 )  , Midnight Memories  ( 2013 )  , Four  ( 2014 )  , and Made in the A.M.  ( 2015 )  , topped charts in most major markets , and generated hit singles including `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Live While We 're Young '' , `` Best Song Ever '' , `` Story of My Life '' , and `` Drag Me Down '' .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
After becoming a Saturday Night Live cast member , Sandler went on to star in many Hollywood feature films that combined have grossed over $ 2 billion at the box office .
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman .
David Carradine  ( born John Arthur Carradine ; December 8 , 1936 -- June 3 , 2009 )  was an American actor and martial artist .
Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and produced by M. S. Reddy .
It is Ramsay 's fourth series for the Fox network and airs on Monday nights at 8 pm ET/PT .
As a result of being born to Australian parents in Hawaii , Kidman has dual citizenship in Australia and the United States .
The series premiered on September 23 , 2009 , and the eighth season premiered on September 21 , 2016 .
He is best known for his roles as Clay Morrow on the television series Sons of Anarchy , Vincent on the television series Beauty and the Beast  ( for which he won a Golden Globe Award )  , and as the comic book character Hellboy in both Hellboy  ( 2004 )  and its sequel Hellboy II : The Golden Army  ( 2008 )  .
He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens , a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 .
Romney entered the management consulting industry , and in 1977 secured a position at Bain & Company .
Respublika Kazakhstan )  , is a transcontinental country in northern Central Asia and Eastern Europe .
Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh .
Written by bass guitarist John Deacon , the song featured on the group 's eighth studio album The Game  ( 1980 )  .
Adele Laurie Blue Adkins  (  [ əˈdɛl ]  born 5 May 1988 )  is an English singer-songwriter .
Samantha Jane Robson  ( born 22 March 1966 in Wandsworth , London )  is an English actress who played WPC Vicky Hagen in The Bill from 1998 to 2001 .
Paul Bettany  ( born 27 May 1971 )  is an English actor .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 .
The film was released in the United States on April 8 , 1988 .
Italy  ( Italia  [ iˈtaːlja ]  )  , officially the Italian Republic  (  [ Repubblica italiana , links = no ]  )  , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe .
Gong Ji-chul  ( ; born July 10 , 1979 )  , better known by his stage name Gong Yoo , is a South Korean actor .
These conditions may be extremely high or low temperature or pressure ; high or low content of oxygen or carbon dioxide in the atmosphere ; high levels of radiation , acidity , or alkalinity ; absence of water ; water containing a high concentration of salt or sugar ; presence of sulphur , petroleum , and other toxic substances .
Andre Kirk Agassi  (  [ ˈɑːndreɪ ˈæɡəsi ]  born April 29 , 1970 )  is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
The first film released in the MCU was Iron Man  ( 2008 )  , which began the first phase of films culminating in the crossover film Marvel 's The Avengers  ( 2012 )  .
Since the show 's inception in 1963 , the character has been portrayed by twelve lead actors .
Coronary artery disease  ( CAD )  , also known as ischemic heart disease  ( IHD )  , is a group of diseases that includes : stable angina , unstable angina , myocardial infarction , and sudden cardiac death .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
He released his fifth studio album , Animal Ambition , in 2014 and is working on his sixth studio album , Street King Immortal .
DeGeneres announced it on her show saying that the label would concentrate on less known artists and that she had been looking for videos of performances on YouTube .
The World According to Paris is an American reality television series on Oxygen that premiered on June 1 , 2011 .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .
After his death in 1972 , in recognition of his achievements on and off the field , Robinson was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal and Presidential Medal of Freedom .
He has won seven times on the PGA Tour , with these wins spanning over 12 years .
Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
The show ran for five seasons on the USA Network , from March 2 , 1996 to April 9 , 2000 , with a total of 101 episodes .
Henson went on to star in the ensemble film Think Like a Man  ( 2012 )  and its 2014 sequel .
Kidman 's other notable films include the crime comedy-drama To Die For  ( 1995 )  , for which she won her first Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical , the erotic thriller Eyes Wide Shut  ( 1999 )  , the horror-thriller The Others  ( 2001 )  , the epic war drama film Cold Mountain  ( 2003 )  , the drama Dogville  ( 2003 )  , the political thriller The Interpreter  ( 2005 )  , and the epic historical romantic drama Australia  ( 2008 )  .
Limbu is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken in Nepal , India Darjeeling , Kalimpong , Sikkim , Assam , and Nagaland )  , Bhutan , Burma , Thailand , the United Kingdom , Hong Kong , Canada , and the USA .
It stars Maisie Williams and Florence Pugh as best friends at an all-girls school .
He was a distinguished poet and goldsmith ; he also became a great patron of culture , overseeing the `` Golden '' age of the Ottoman Empire in its artistic , literary and architectural development .
He was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s , though his influence began to wane in the early 1970s .
Formerly titled The Cosmopolitan , the magazine was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women 's magazine in the late 1960s .
Li Lianjie  ( born 26 April 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese film actor , film producer , martial artist , and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing .
She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .
The film stars Lily Collins , Keanu Reeves , Carrie Preston , Lili Taylor , Alex Sharp , Liana Liberato , Brooke Smith , and Ciara Bravo .
She is portrayed by Eva Longoria .
The first installment , Divergent  ( 2014 )  , grossed over $ 288 million worldwide , while the second installment , The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( 2015 )  , grossed over $ 297 million worldwide .
Novak Djokovic  ( Новак Ђоковић , Novak Đoković ,  [ nôʋaːk d͡ʑôːkoʋit͡ɕ ]  ; born 22 May 1987 )  , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals  ( ATP )  .
Michelle Ingrid Williams  ( born September 9 , 1980 )  is an American actress .
Wayne Mark Rooney  (  [ ˈruːni ]  born 24 October 1985 )  is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains both Manchester United and the England national team .
The original early 19th-century interior designs , many of which survive , include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis , on the advice of Sir Charles Long .
John Paul Cusack  (  [ ˈkjuːsæk ]  , born June 28 , 1966 )  is an American actor , producer and screenwriter .
Principal photography began in Louisiana on May 2 , 2016 and ended on August 19 , 2016 in New Mexico .
Dark Places is a 2015 mystery thriller film directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner .
Paulo Bruno Exequiel Dybala  (  [ ˈpaulo ðiˈβala ]  ; born 15 November 1993 )  is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Juventus and the Argentina national team .
It is the national fruit of India , Pakistan , and the Philippines , and the national tree of Bangladesh .
This stars Christopher Reeve  ( in one of his final screen appearances )  , Daryl Hannah , and Robert Forster .
Machu Picchu  (  [ ˈmatʃu ˈpitʃu ]  )   ( Machu Pikchu  [ ˈmɑtʃu ˈpixtʃu ]  )  is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge 2430 m above sea level .
The second installment of the John Wick series , the plot follows hitman John Wick , who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head .
The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Michael Sylvester Gardenzio Stallone  (  [ stəˈloʊn ]   [ stalˈloːne ]  ; born July 6 , 1946 )  is an American actor , filmmaker , and screenwriter .
Cher  (  [ ˈʃɛər ]  born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 )  is an American singer and actress .
After the series finale of Friends in 2004 , Schwimmer was cast as the title character in the 2005 drama Duane Hopwood .
Due to his powerful and wide vocal range and energetic live performances , Rose has been named one of the greatest singers of all time by various media outlets , including Rolling Stone and NME .
Joffrey is portrayed by Irish actor Jack Gleeson in the HBO television adaptation .
Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf  (  [ ˈʃtɛfiː ˈgʁa : f ]  ; born 14 June 1969 )  is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career .
Stephanie Young Hwang  ( born August 1 , 1989 )  , known professionally as Tiffany or Tiffany Hwang , is an American singer based in South Korea .
The screenplay , by Paquet-Brenner , is based on Gillian Flynn 's 2009 novel of the same name .
The octopus  (  [ ˈɒktpəs ]  or ~  [ əpʊs ]  )  is a soft-bodied , eight-armed mollusc of the order Octopoda .
Production began in Germany in September 2007 , and the film opened in limited release on December 10 , 2008 .
After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
She released a single from an independent label called `` Swag It Out '' and another single with Bella Thorne called `` Watch Me , '' which is featured on the Break It Down album .
Mr. Freeze  ( Victor Fries )  is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman .
Brinkley has been married four times , most notably to musician Billy Joel , several of whose music videos she appeared in .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
As a botanist and cartographer he left his mark , giving his name to several seaweeds , plants and shrubs , and places such as D'Urville Island .
Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Grégory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cortázar .
Her first duties with the newly formed U.S. Navy were to provide protection for American merchant shipping during the Quasi-War with France and to defeat the Barbary pirates in the First Barbary War .
Born and raised in Gothenburg , she began acting as a child in minor stage productions at The Göteborg Opera and trained as a ballet dancer at the Royal Swedish Ballet School in Stockholm and the School of American Ballet in New York .
The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa .
Upon its release , Destiny received mixed to positive reviews with criticism centered mostly around the game 's storyline and post-campaign content .
Huntington 's disease  ( HD )  , also known as Huntington 's chorea , is an inherited disorder that results in death of brain cells .
He made one of his earliest film roles in the mid-1980s , before he starred in Cameron Crowe 's film Say Anything ...  ( 1989 )  , for which he gained teen idol status .
Reba Nell McEntire  ( born March 28 , 1955 )  is an American country singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer .
Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP  ( VoIP )  service called Curse Voice .
He is a highly prolific actor , having appeared in over 100 films , including Die Hard with a Vengeance  ( 1995 )  , Unbreakable  ( 2000 )  , Shaft  ( 2000 )  , The 51st State  ( 2001 )  , Black Snake Moan  ( 2006 )  , Snakes on a Plane  ( 2006 )  , and the Star Wars prequel trilogy  ( 1999 -- 2005 )  , as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
He studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art .
In 2009 , Blunt received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .
He was the first leader of the Indian Independence Movement .
In the same year , the Austrian Parliament created the Declaration of Neutrality which declared that the Second Austrian Republic would become permanently neutral .
Sonny with a Chance is an American sitcom created by Steve Marmel which aired for two seasons on Disney Channel from February 8 , 2009 to January 2 , 2011 .
Beyond Westworld is a 1980 television series that carried on the stories of the two feature films Westworld and Futureworld .
Trevor Noah  ( born 20 February 1984 )  is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .
He attained the rank of field marshal .
The Time Lords are a fictional , ancient extraterrestrial people in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , of which the series ' protagonist , the Doctor , is a member .
George Tuska  ( April 26 , 1916 -- October 16 , 2009 )  , who early in his career used a variety of pen names including Carl Larson , was an American comic book and newspaper comic strip artist best known for his 1940s work on various Captain Marvel titles and the crime fiction series Crime Does Not Pay , for and his 1960s work illustrating Iron Man and other Marvel Comics characters .
It is the sequel to the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , which began 20th Century Fox 's reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series .
The Congress meets in the Capitol in Washington , D.C. Both senators and representatives are chosen through direct election , though vacancies in the Senate may be filled by a gubernatorial appointment .
William West Anderson  ( born September 19 , 1928 )  , better known as Adam West , is an American actor whose career spans six decades .
The blue whale  ( Balaenoptera musculus )  is a marine mammal belonging to the baleen whales  ( Mysticeti )  .
Many 737s serve markets previously filled by 707 , 727 , 757 , DC-9 , and MD-80 / MD-90 airliners , and the aircraft currently competes primarily with the Airbus A320 family .
Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo , with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander , Dick Cavett , Susan Lynch , John Krasinski , Rachel Covey , and Mia Dillon .
Marlon Brando , Jr.  ( April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 )  was an American actor , film director and political activist .
Johnson 's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002 .
The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer .
Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 .
The console optionally included a redesigned Kinect sensor , marketed as the `` Kinect 2.0 '' , providing improved motion tracking and voice recognition for use in its graphical user interface  ( GUI )  and games .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
Pritchett 's family includes his second wife , her son and his stepson , as well as his two adult children and their spouses and children .
Lust for Life  ( 1956 )  is a MGM  ( Metrocolor )  biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin .
The film is based on Cretton 's short film of the same name , produced in 2009 .
The capital and largest city , with a population exceeding 1.7 million , is Vienna .
He is the founder of Apatow Productions , through which he produced and developed the television series Freaks and Geeks , Undeclared , Girls , Love , Crashing and directed the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin  ( 2005 )  , Knocked Up  ( 2007 )  , Funny People  ( 2009 )  , This Is 40  ( 2012 )  , and Trainwreck  ( 2015 )  .
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed and written by Christopher Nolan , and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd .
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 317,000 copies in its first week , earning Beyoncé the highest debut sales among Destiny 's Child members ' solo albums .
The film stars Colin Farrell , Noomi Rapace , Dominic Cooper , and Terrence Howard , and was released on March 8 , 2013 .
The film is directed by James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Frank and Michael Green , from a story by Mangold .
The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling .
Britney Jean Spears  ( born December 2 , 1981 )  is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Spain was the first European country to claim the area of Texas .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
After performing in the music groups Breakfast Club and Emmy , she signed with Sire Records  ( an auxiliary label of Warner Bros. .
It was released theatrically on March 16 , 2012 , by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and grossed $ 201 million .
Leslie Marian Uggams  ( born May 25 , 1943 )  is an American actress and singer .
His roles as a voice actor include Rex in Babe , Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two , and Megatron in the Transformers film series .
Jing Tian  ( born July 21 , 1988 )  is a Chinese actress .
He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer .
The Amazing Spider-Man 2  ( also released as The Amazing Spider-Man 2 : Rise of Electro in some markets )  is a 2014 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Young began performing in a group covering Shadows instrumentals in Canada in 1960 .
Seal Henry Olusegun Olumide Adeola Samuel  ( born 19 February 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Seal , is an English singer and songwriter .
It stars Jennifer Lawrence , Chris Pratt , Michael Sheen , and Laurence Fishburne .
Nicholas Jerry Jonas  ( born September 16 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and actor .
After studying improv at Chicago 's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s , she went to New York City in 1996 to become part of the improvisational comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade .
True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror
Imperium is a 2016 American thriller film , written and directed by Daniel Ragussis , from a story by Michael German .
Leigh continued performing past her teen years , receiving critical praise for her roles in the 1990 films Miami Blues and Last Exit to Brooklyn .
Neil Percival Young ,  ( born November 12 , 1945 )  , is a Canadian singer-songwriter , musician , producer , director and screenwriter .
In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup .
Marion Cotillard  (  [ ma.ʁjɔ̃ kɔ.ti.jaʁ ]  ; born 30 September 1975 )  is a French actress , singer-songwriter , musician , environmentalist and spokesperson for Greenpeace who achieved international fame with the film La Vie en Rose  ( 2007 )  .
Elephants are large mammals of the family Elephantidae and the order Proboscidea .
Cambodia  (  [ kæmˈboʊdiə ]  កម ព ជ , or Kampuchea  [ kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia  ( ព រ រ ជ ណ ចក រកម ព ជ , Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa ,  [ ˈprĕəh riəciənaːˈcɑk kɑmpuˈciə ]  )  , is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia .
The film has grossed over $ 1.1 billion worldwide  ( outgrossing each of the Despicable Me films )  , making it the thirteenth highest-grossing film of all time , the second highest-grossing animated film and the highest-grossing non-Disney animated film .
Winnie Harlow  ( born Chantelle Brown-Young ; July 27 , 1994 )  is a Canadian fashion model , spokesperson , and activist .
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park , New York .
Nonetheless , Freud 's work has suffused contemporary Western thought and popular culture .
Most of his work has been in the hard rock and alternative metal styles , though he trained in jazz guitar and has substantial connections with avant-garde music and film soundtrack composition .
In 2001 , Spears released her self-titled third studio album , Britney , and played the starring role in the film Crossroads  ( 2002 )  .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Karl-Heinz Urban  ( born 7 June 1972 )  is a New Zealand actor .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
Andrew Patrick Wood  ( January 8 , 1966 -- March 19 , 1990 )  was an American musician best known as the lead singer for alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone .
 ( 1997 )  , School of Rock  ( 2003 )  , Wreck-It Ralph  ( 2012 )  , and A Million Ways to Die in the West  ( 2014 )  .
Stephen Rider is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Admiral Stephen W. Rochon in the film The Butler and Eric Millworth in the series Lucky 7 .
International relations  ( IR )  or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines .
David Robert Jones  ( 8 January 1947 -- 10 January 2016 )  , known professionally as David Bowie  (  [ ˈboʊi ]  )  , was an English singer , songwriter and actor .
The film stars Gervais as the first human with the ability to lie in a world where people can only tell the truth .
She is one of the most famous deaf people in history and she is an idol to many deaf people in the world .
Prussia was a historical state originating out of the Duchy of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and centred on the region of Prussia .
Walter Bruce Willis  ( born March 19 , 1955 )  is an American actor , producer , and singer .
Andorra  (  [ ænˈdɔ : rə ]   [ ənˈdorə ]  ,  [ anˈdɔra ]  )  , officially the Principality of Andorra  ( Principat d'Andorra )  , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra  (  [ Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no ]  )  , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .
The September 11 attacks  ( also referred to as 9/11 )  The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' .
Jorah is portrayed by Iain Glen in the HBO television adaptation .
Antwan André Patton  ( born February 1 , 1975 )  , better known by his stage name Big Boi , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and record producer , best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside André 3000 .
James Eugene Carrey  (  [ ˈkæri ]  born January 17 , 1962 )  is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer .
Little Big Shots is an American children 's television and talent show that premiered on NBC on March 8 , 2016 .
As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .
Philip V  ( Felipe V , Philippe , Filippo 19 December 1683 -- 9 July 1746 )  was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 .
Jason Kent Bateman  ( born January 14 , 1969 )  is an American actor , comedian , director and producer .
In 1984 she made her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas , and subsequently appeared in the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day .
Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas .
ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek Χριστός , Khristós  ( Latinized as Christus )  , translating Hebrew מָשִׁיחַ , Māšîăḥ , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas .
Arkham 's high-profile patients are often from Batman 's rogues gallery , such as the Joker , Two-Face , Poison Ivy , the Riddler , Harley Quinn , Clayface , Mad Hatter , Killer Croc , Mr. Freeze , and Scarecrow .
As sequel to the 1996 film Independence Day , it stars an ensemble cast featuring Liam Hemsworth , Jeff Goldblum , Bill Pullman , Maika Monroe , Jessie Usher , Travis Tope , William Fichtner , Charlotte Gainsbourg , Judd Hirsch , Brent Spiner and Sela Ward .
Victor Marie Hugo  (  [ viktɔʁ maʁi yɡo ]  ; 26 February 1802 -- 22 May 1885 )  was a French poet , novelist , and dramatist of the Romantic movement .
The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' .
He has collaborated with his childhood friend Seth Rogen in several films , including Superbad  ( 2007 )   ( which they first conceived as teenagers )  , Pineapple Express  ( 2008 )  , This Is the End  ( 2013 )   ( their directorial debut )  , and The Interview  ( 2014 )  .
Pineapple Express is a 2008 American stoner action comedy film directed by David Gordon Green , written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and starring Rogen and James Franco .
Ceres  (  [ ˈsɪəriːz ]  minor-planet designation : 1 Ceres )  is the largest object in the asteroid belt that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
In the United States it was released by IFC Films on 18 March 2011 , and premiered on Showtime in late 2011 .
Thanos appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's various films , including The Avengers  ( 2012 )  , portrayed by Damion Poitier , and Guardians of the Galaxy  ( 2014 )  , Avengers : Age of Ultron  ( 2015 )  , Avengers : Infinity War  ( 2018 )  and its untitled sequel  ( 2019 )  , portrayed by Josh Brolin .
Jennings , a transgender teenage girl , is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender , and for being the youngest person to become a national transgender figure .
An elite playmaker , renowned for his elegance , vision , ball control and technique , Zidane was named the best European footballer of the past 50 years in the UEFA Golden Jubilee Poll .
Puerto Rico  ( Spanish for `` Rich Port '' )  , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  ( Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' )  and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .
Taylor Alison Swift  ( born December 13 , 1989 )  is an American singer-songwriter .
Timothy Allen Dick  ( born June 13 , 1953 )  , known professionally as Tim Allen , is an American actor , comedian and author .
Marvin Young  ( born May 10 , 1967 )  , better known by his stage name Young M.C. , is an English-born American singer , rapper and actor .
He collaborated with some of film history 's most accomplished directors , including Robert Wise , Howard Hawks , Otto Preminger , Joe Dante , Richard Donner , Roman Polanski , Ridley Scott , Michael Winner , Steven Spielberg , Paul Verhoeven , and Franklin J. Schaffner .
Both won Grammy Awards and Recovery was the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide , the second time he had the international best-selling album of the year  ( after The Eminem Show )  .
The soundtrack is produced primarily by singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake , along with Max Martin and Shellback as additional producers .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches .
Richard St John Harris  ( 1 October 1930 -- 25 October 2002 )  was an Irish actor and singer .
One of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century , Martin was nicknamed the `` King of Cool '' for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance .
The Clementine Chapel , also known as La Clementina , is a particular Roman Catholic chapel located within the underground necropolitan grottoes of Saint Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City .
Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations .
Brittany Murphy-Monjack  ( born Brittany Anne Bertolotti ; November 10 , 1977 -- December 20 , 2009 )  , known professionally as Brittany Murphy , was an American film and stage actress , singer , and voice artist .
Imagine Dragons has won two American Music Awards for Favorite Alternative Artist , a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance , five Billboard Music Awards , and a World Music Award .
Born in Harlem , New York , and raised in Libertyville , Illinois , Morello became interested in music and politics while in high school .
Mangoes are juicy stone fruit  ( drupe )  from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
24 is an American crime thriller television series produced for the Fox network , created by Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran , and starring Kiefer Sutherland as counter-terrorist agent Jack Bauer .
Dennis Lee Hopper  ( May 17 , 1936 -- May 29 , 2010 )  was an American actor , filmmaker , photographer and artist .
Rafael `` Rafa '' Nadal Parera  (  [ rəfəˈɛɫ nəˈðaɫ pəˈɾeɾə ]  ,  [ rafaˈel naˈðal paˈɾeɾa ]  ; born 3 June 1986 )  is a Spanish professional tennis player .
It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies .
The film had three Golden Globe Award nominations , including Best Picture .
Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' .
Norovirus , sometimes referred to as the winter vomiting bug in the UK and Ireland , is the most common cause of viral gastroenteritis in humans .
Urvashi Rautela  ( born 25 February 1994 )  is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Hindi films .
The serendipitous presence within the region of Florence in the early 15th century of certain individuals of artistic genius , most notably Masaccio , Brunelleschi , Ghiberti , Piero della Francesca , Donatello and Michelozzo formed an ethos out of which sprang the great masters of the High Renaissance , as well as supporting and encouraging many lesser artists to achieve work of extraordinary quality .
As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman , the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence .
Aruba  (  [ əˈruːbə ]  ;  [ aːˈrubaː ]  )  is a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the southern Caribbean Sea , located about 1600 km west of the main part of the Lesser Antilles and 29 km north of the coast of Venezuela .
Joy received a theatrical release on December 25 , 2015 , distributed by 20th Century Fox .
In the Republican presidential primary campaign of 1976 , Ford defeated former California Governor Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination .
She later starred as Barbara Marx in The Night We Called It a Day  ( 2003 )  , and has appeared on the television series Nip/Tuck , Raising Hope , and Hawaii Five-0 .
The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League  ( NHL )  's Boston Bruins .
Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities .
Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman .
It nevertheless earned Lynch his second Academy Award nomination for Best Director and came to achieve cult status .
The Elizabeth Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane , typically called Arkham Asylum or simply Arkham  (  [ ˈɑrkəm ]  )  , is a fictional psychiatric hospital appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics , commonly in stories featuring the superhero Batman .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
The first Klan flourished in the Southern United States in the late 1860s , then died out by the early 1870s .
His best-known film acting roles were as Egon Spengler in Ghostbusters  ( 1984 )  and Ghostbusters II  ( 1989 )  and Russell Ziskey in Stripes  ( 1981 )  ; he also co-wrote those films .
The series follows the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick and his fretful , easily influenced grandson Morty , who split their time between domestic family life and interdimensional adventures .
`` Beautiful '' is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera for her fourth studio album , Stripped  ( 2002 )  .
Coldplay have supported various social and political causes , such as Oxfam 's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International .
The character is portrayed by actress Jane Lynch , and has appeared in Glee from its pilot episode , first broadcast on May 19 , 2009 .
`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park .
Stockard Channing  ( born Susan Antonia Williams Stockard ; February 13 , 1944 )  is an American stage , film and television actress .
After publishing several short stories in the late 1950s and early 1960s , he began composing the novels for which he is best known : V.  ( 1963 )  , The Crying of Lot 49  ( 1966 )  , Gravity 's Rainbow  ( 1973 )  , and Mason & Dixon  ( 1997 )  .
Joseph Michael `` Joey '' Graceffa  (  [ grəˈsɛfə ]  born May 16 , 1991 )  is an American YouTube personality , actor , author , producer , and singer .
He is known for his singles `` What They Want '' and `` Losin Control '' , which peaked respectively at number 83 and 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .
Sutherland got his first leading film role in the Canadian drama The Bay Boy  ( 1984 )  , which earned him a Genie Award nomination .
Diagnosis is by genetic testing , which can be carried out at any time , regardless of whether or not symptoms are present .
Edge of Tomorrow  ( alternatively known by its tagline Live .
Edward was the eldest son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Dhool  ( Super )  is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani .
Under Hitler 's leadership and racially motivated ideology , the Nazi regime was responsible for the genocide of at least 5.5 million Jews and millions of other victims whom he and his followers deemed Untermenschen  ( `` sub-humans '' )  and socially undesirable .
He was king of Scotland from 1649 until his deposition in 1651 , and king of England , Scotland and Ireland from the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 until his death .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Leto has also directed music videos , including the MTV Video Music Award -- winning `` The Kill ''  ( 2006 )  , `` Kings and Queens ''  ( 2009 )  , and `` Up in the Air ''  ( 2013 )  .
Guinevere  (  [ ˈɡwɪnᵻvɪər ]  Gwenhwyfar Gwenivar )  , often written as Guenevere or Gwenevere , is , in Arthurian legend , the wife of King Arthur .
Their traditional crest takes elements of the city coat of arms , which features two grey seahorses .
Matt Damon stars as an astronaut who is mistakenly presumed dead and left behind on Mars .
Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles .
were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda on the United States on the morning of Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 .
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia .
Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg .
The Formula is a 1980 American mystery film directed by John G. Avildsen and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer .
She subsequently starred in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang  ( 2010 )  , Wo n't Back Down  ( 2012 )  and Frank  ( 2014 )  , for which she was nominated for a BIFA Award .
Frederick Christ Trump  ( October 11 , 1905 -- June 25 , 1999 )  was an American real estate developer and philanthropist , primarily in New York City , and father of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States , and Maryanne Trump Barry , a United States Court of Appeals judge .
Spider-Man : Homecoming is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Desperate Housewives is an American television comedy-drama and mystery series created by Marc Cherry , and produced by ABC Studios and Cherry Productions .
An Italian-led production with co-producers in France and the United Kingdom , the film is Garrone 's first English-language film .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson .
Cline sold the novel in June 2010 , in a bidding war to the Crown Publishing Group  ( a division of Random House )  .
The Boston Latin School is a public `` exam school '' in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase .
Myles Richard Kennedy  ( born Myles Richard Bass ; November 27 , 1969 )  is an American musician , singer , and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge , and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash 's backing band , known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators .
Ron Cobb  ( born 1937 )  is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .
Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard , written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , and starring Tom Hanks , Daryl Hannah , John Candy , Eugene Levy , and Dody Goodman .
The Celtic Football Club  (  [ ˈsɛltɪk ]  )  is a professional football club based in Glasgow , Scotland , which plays in the Scottish Premiership .
After an invasion by the United States and its allies in 2003 , Saddam Hussein 's Ba'ath Party was removed from power and multi-party parliamentary elections were held in 2005 .
It is also considered part of Central Africa .
The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong .
Robert Arum  ( born December 8 , 1931 )  is an American lawyer , boxing promoter and businessman .
Istanbul is a transcontinental city in Eurasia , straddling the Bosphorus strait  ( which separates Europe and Asia )  between the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea .
The term cult film itself was first used in the 1970s to describe the culture that surrounded underground films and midnight movies , though cult was in common use in film analysis for decades prior to that .
Steven Tyler  ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .
Providence was founded by Roger Williams , a religious exile from the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
In politics , she condemned the initiation of force as immoral , and opposed collectivism and statism as well as anarchism , and instead supported laissez-faire capitalism , which she defined as the system based on recognizing individual rights .
Aishwarya Rai  ( born 1 November 1973 )  , also known by her married name Aishwarya Rai Bachchan , is an Indian actress , model and the winner of the Miss World 1994 pageant .
Amaze Entertainment was a video game developer from the United States that developed over 100 games in its ten-year history  ( selling nearly 40 million units )  , for several video game platforms , with headquarters located in Kirkland , Washington .
In Algonquian folklore , the wendigo or windigo is a cannibal monster or evil spirit native to the northern forests of the Atlantic Coast and Great Lakes Region of both the United States and Canada .
Symptoms of early pregnancy may include missed periods , tender breasts , nausea and vomiting , hunger , and frequent urination .
For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway
Lion is a 2016 biographical film directed by Garth Davis  ( in his feature debut )  and written by Luke Davies , based on the non-fiction book A Long Way Home by Saroo Brierley with Larry Buttrose .
Melbourne has an extensive transport network .
He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
The attacks killed 2,996 people , injured over 6,000 others , and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .
He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer .
Colombia hosted the tournament between 29 July and 20 August 2011 , with matches being played in eight cities .
Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 .
Jane Marie Lynch  ( born July 14 , 1960 )  is an American actress , singer , and comedian .
In 2003 , she received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the comedy-drama Lost in Translation , and became the third woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director .
From 2004 until 2008 , he starred as attorney Denny Crane in the final season of the legal drama The Practice and its spinoff series Boston Legal '' , a role that earned him two Emmy Awards .
It contains the geographic South Pole and is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere , almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle , and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean .
Unlike many other football clubs , the supporters own and operate Barcelona .
Farrah Fawcett  ( born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American actress and artist .
The film stars Chadwick Boseman as Robinson , and Harrison Ford as Branch Rickey , with Alan Tudyk , Nicole Beharie , Christopher Meloni , Andre Holland , Lucas Black , Hamish Linklater and Ryan Merriman appearing in supporting roles .
He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski .
Pompeii , along with Herculaneum and many villas in the suzrrounding area , was mostly destroyed and buried under 4 to of volcanic ash and pumice in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD .
The Eagles disbanded in July 1980 but reunited in 1994 for the album Hell Freezes Over , a mix of live and new studio tracks .
It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
It is the sixth installment in the seven -- part Saw franchise and stars Tobin Bell , Costas Mandylor , Betsy Russell , Mark Rolston , Peter Outerbridge , and Shawnee Smith .
Christopher Francis `` Frank '' Ocean  ( born Christopher Edwin Breaux ; October 28 , 1987 )  , is an American singer , songwriter , and rapper .
George Andrew Romero  (  [ rə 'm ɛroʊ ]  born February 4 , 1940 )  is an American-Canadian filmmaker and editor , best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about an imagined zombie apocalypse , beginning with Night of the Living Dead and notably continuing on with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead .
Buckingham Palace  (  [ ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs ]  )  is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom .
Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama  ( born January 17 , 1964 )  is an American lawyer and writer who was First Lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
Titanic is a 1997 American epic romance-disaster film directed , written , co-produced , and co-edited by James Cameron .
They mandated de jure racial segregation in all public facilities in the states of the former Confederate States of America , starting in 1890 with a `` separate but equal '' status for African Americans in railroad cars .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
World War II  ( often abbreviated to WWII or WW2 )  , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 , although related conflicts began earlier .
She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow .
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto .
Interstellar is a 2014 British-American epic science fiction film directed , co-written , and co-produced by Christopher Nolan .
Ghostbusters  ( also known as Ghostbusters : Answer the Call and marketed as such on home release )  is a 2016 3D supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig , written by Feig and Katie Dippold and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon , Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth .
Olivia Wilde  ( born Olivia Jane Cockburn ; March 10 , 1984 )  is an American actress , model , director , and producer .
Shonen Jump , officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ , is a shōnen manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media .
Charles John Huffam Dickens  (  [ ˈdɪkᵻnz ]  7 February 1812 -- 9 June 1870 )  was an English writer and social critic .
For each of those performances , he won an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor .
On May 4 , 1776 , the Colony of Rhode Island became the first of the Thirteen Colonies to renounce its allegiance to the British Crown , and was the fourth among the newly sovereign states to ratify the Articles of Confederation on February 9 , 1778 .
He is searching for the persons who attacked him and killed his wife , using an intricate system of Polaroid photographs and tattoos to track information he can not remember .
Since the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt  (  [ ˈroʊzəvəlt ]  , his own pronunciation , or  [ - en ˈroʊzəvɛlt ]  January 30 , 1882 -- April 12 , 1945 )  , commonly known as FDR , was an American statesman and political leader who served as the 32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945 .
Prior to marrying Paul , she was a professional photographer of celebrities and contemporary musicians , with her work published in music industry magazines .
It had special sneak previews in the Philippines on August 16 and 17 , 2015 , as well as multiple pre-screenings throughout the United States before its official release on August 26 , 2015 by The Weinstein Company .
Adolf Hitler  (  [ ˈadɔlf ˈhɪtlɐ ]  ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 )  was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party  ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP )  , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and Führer  ( `` Leader '' )  of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 .
He made substantial discoveries in anatomy , civil engineering , geology , optics , and hydrodynamics , but he did not publish his findings and they had no direct influence on later science .
Henry Kenneth Alfred `` Ken '' Russell  ( 3 July 1927 -- 27 November 2011 )  was an English film director , known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style .
He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in High Fidelity  ( 2000 )  .
He went on to star in several hit films , including An Officer and a Gentleman , Pretty Woman , Primal Fear , Runaway Bride , Arbitrage and Chicago , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor and a Screen Actors Guild Award for part of the Best Cast .
Bahrain  (  [ bɑːˈreɪn ]  البحرين )  , officially the Kingdom of Bahrain , is a small Arab monarchy in the Arabian Gulf .
During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards  ( commonly referred to as Oscars )  in 24 categories .
The Pastry War , the Franco-Mexican War , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship occurred through the 19th century .
The film was primarily shot on location in Zimbabwe and in Kenya due to political turmoil in South Africa at the time of production .
Paul Labile Pogba  ( born 15 March 1993 )  is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team .
Appian Way Productions is a film production company in West Hollywood , California , established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio .
`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 .
It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles .
David Harbour  ( born April 10 , 1974 )  is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre .
Pablo Picasso  (  [ pɪˈkɑːsoʊ ,   - ˈkæsoʊ ]   [ ˈpaβlo piˈkaso ]  ; 25 October 1881 -- 8 April 1973 )  was a Spanish painter , sculptor , printmaker , ceramicist , stage designer , poet and playwright who spent most of his adult life in France .
With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world .
The series is centered around Black Bolt , with Anson Mount in the role , and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family .
The World According to Paris follows the daily life of Paris Hilton .
Jing Tian  ( born July 21 , 1988 )  is a Chinese actress .
Batman : The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics one-shot graphic novel featuring the characters Batman and the Joker written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland .
On 15 November 2014 , he reached a career peak of number two on The Rings pound for pound list .
She is best recognized for her role as Lorelai Gilmore on the television series Gilmore Girls  ( 2000 -- 07 )  , for which she received two Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , one Golden Globe nomination , and five Satellite Award nominations .
Oz the Great and Powerful premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on February 14 , 2013 , and with general theatrical release on March 8 , 2013 , through the Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D formats , as well as in conventional theaters .
Michael Schumacher  (  [ ˈmɪçaʔɛl ˈʃuːmaxɐ ]  ; born 3 January 1969 )  is a German retired racing driver .
Stratford is a district of east London , England , within the London Borough of Newham .
In addition to chronicling the friendships and romantic relationships of the characters , the show also addressed numerous topical issues such as date rape , gay rights , animal rights , alcoholism , drug abuse , domestic violence , sex , antisemitism , racism , teenage suicide , teenage pregnancy , and AIDS .
He released two further independent projects later that year , Thursday and Echoes of Silence , before signing to Republic Records in September 2012 .
Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians .
Mr. Nobody is a 2009 science fiction drama film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael and starring Jared Leto , Sarah Polley , Diane Kruger , Linh Dan Pham , Rhys Ifans , Natasha Little , Toby Regbo and Juno Temple .
It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick .
Born into the Bhatt family , she is the daughter of filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and actress Soni Razdan .
Tyrus Raymond Cobb  ( December 18 , 1886 -- July 17 , 1961 )  , nicknamed The Georgia Peach , was an American Major League Baseball  ( MLB )  outfielder .
Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim .
He was initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism , but he came to rule according to his own Third International Theory .
Ireland  (  [ ˈaɪərlənd ]  Éire  [ ˈeːɾʲə ]  ; Ulster-Scots : Airlann  [ - scoˈɑːrlən ]  )  is an island in the North Atlantic .
Ricardo Leyva Muñoz Ramírez , known as Richard Ramirez  ( February 29 , 1960 -- June 7 , 2013 )  , was an American serial killer , rapist , and burglar .
The island 's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain , with several navigable rivers extending inland .
George Washington  (  [ ˈdʒɔɹdʒ ˈwɒʃɪŋtən ]  -- , 1799 )  was an American politician and soldier who served as the first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797 and was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
His acting career began in films in 1959 .
Reds is a 1981 American epic drama film co-written , produced and directed by Warren Beatty .
Until recently , chess was a recognized sport of the International Olympic Committee ; some national sporting bodies such as the Spanish Consejo Superior de Deportes also recognize chess as a sport .
William McKinley Jr.  ( January 29 , 1843 -- September 14 , 1901 )  was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term .
Paul Michael Levesque  ( born July 27 , 1969 )  , better known by the ring name Triple H  ( an abbreviation of his original WWE ring name Hunter Hearst Helmsley )  , is an American business executive and professional wrestler .
The Big Chill is a 1983 American comedy-drama film directed by Lawrence Kasdan , starring Tom Berenger , Glenn Close , Jeff Goldblum , William Hurt , Kevin Kline , Mary Kay Place , Meg Tilly , and JoBeth Williams .
Jamaicans for Justice  ( JFJ )  is a non-profit , non-partisan , non-violent volunteer citizens ' rights action group .
The Void is a 2016 Canadian horror film written and directed by Steven Kostanski and Jeremy Gillespie , and produced by Jonathan Bronfman and Casey Walker .
William Denby `` Bill '' Hanna  ( July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 )  was an American animator , director , producer , voice actor , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century .
He was also presented with the Distinguished Screenwriter Award at the 2009 Austin Film Festival and the Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement from the Writers Guild of America in 2011 .
He studied Law at the Saint Petersburg State University , graduating in 1975 .
Romelu Menama Lukaku  ( born 13 May 1993 )  is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team .
The Lakers hold the record for NBA 's longest winning streak , 33 straight games , set during the 1971 -- 72 season .
Black Sails is an American historical adventure television series set on New Providence Island and a prequel to Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel Treasure Island .
Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the ninth highest ranking in the Human Development Index .
Born in Huntington on Long Island , Whitman worked as a journalist , a teacher , a government clerk , and -- in addition to publishing his poetry -- was a volunteer nurse during the American Civil War .
Thiokol  ( variously Thiokol Chemical Corporation , Morton-Thiokol Inc. , Cordant Technologies Inc. , Thiokol Propulsion , AIC Group , ATK Thiokol ; finally ATK Launch Systems Group before becoming part of Orbital ATK )  was an American corporation concerned initially with rubber and related chemicals , and later with rocket and missile propulsion systems .
The novel sold out its first print run of 750 copies in the middle of 1813 , marking a success for its author , who then had a second print run later that year .
Sikhism  (  [ ˈsikᵻzəm ]  )  , or Sikhi  ( ਸਿ ਖੀ ,  [ ˈsɪkːʰiː ]  , from Sikh , meaning a `` disciple '' , or a `` learner '' )  , is a panentheistic religion that originated in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent about the end of the 15th century .
After the Eagles broke up in 1980 , Henley pursued a solo career and released his debut album I Ca n't Stand Still , in 1982 .
It is based on Perrotta 's novel of the same name .
The story takes place after the events of the 1991 Game Boy game , Metroid II : Return of Samus .
The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures .
Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film co-written , produced , and directed by Ben Stiller .
American Pie is a 1999 teen sex comedy film written by Adam Herz and directed by brothers Paul and Chris Weitz , in their directorial film debut .
It is located in the Valley of Mexico  ( Valle de México )  , a large valley in the high plateaus at the center of Mexico , at an altitude of 2240 m .
Joan of Arc  ( Jeanne d'Arc ,  [ ʒan daʁk ]  ; 6 January c. 1412 -- 30 May 1431 )  , nicknamed `` The Maid of Orléans ''  ( La Pucelle d'Orléans )  , is considered a heroine of France for her role during the Lancastrian phase of the Hundred Years ' War and was canonized as a Roman Catholic saint .
After his retirement from engineering , Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics , and making significant contributions in both fields .
He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory .
He served as Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and later presided over the 1787 convention that drafted the United States Constitution .
It is the second longest play in the canon after Hamlet , and is the longest of the First Folio , whose version of Hamlet is shorter than its Quarto counterpart .
Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer .
Alicia Augello Cook  ( born January 25 , 1981 )  , known professionally as Alicia Keys , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , pianist and actress .
It is one of the constituents of Nikkei 225 and is the world 's largest piano manufacturing company .
In 2013 , he portrayed Perry White in the Zack Snyder-directed Superman reboot Man of Steel and in 2016 reprised his role in Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
Hamilton also holds the record for most wins in the season without winning the World Championship , after winning 10 times in the 2016 season where he finished runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg .
Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft .
The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military .
The club was founded in 1887 with the purpose of alleviating poverty in the immigrant Irish population in the East End of Glasgow .
Saskatchewan is bordered on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , to the northeast by Nunavut , and on the south by the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota .
Greenwich  (  [ ˈɡrɛnɪtʃ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪdʒ ]  ,  [ ˈɡrɪnɪtʃ ]  or  [ ˈɡrɛnɪdʒ ]  )  is an early-established district of south east London , England , centred 5.5 miles  ( 8.9 km )  east south-east of Charing Cross .
The company was established in May 1991 as Bungie Software Products Corporation by University of Chicago undergraduate student Alex Seropian , who later brought in programmer Jason Jones after publishing Jones ' game Minotaur : The Labyrinths of Crete .
In the US , he received five platinum and seven gold certifications .
The film stars Jonah Hill , Miles Teller , Ana de Armas and Bradley Cooper , who also co-produced .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
Zidane received the Golden Ball for player of the tournament at the 2006 World Cup , despite his infamous sending off in the final against Italy for headbutting Marco Materazzi in the chest .
Walter Elias Disney  (  [ ˈdɪzni ]  December 5 , 1901December 15 , 1966 )  was an American entrepreneur , animator , voice actor and film producer .
He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer .
At the southeastern end of the archipelago , the eight main islands are -- in order from northwest to southeast : Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Lānai , Kahoolawe , Maui , and the Island of Hawaii .
Miley Ray Cyrus  ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
Jesus  (  [ ˈdʒiːzəs ]  ; c. 4 BC -- c. AD 30/33 )  , also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ , was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity .
Paramore is the self-titled fourth studio album by American rock band Paramore .
Angle is also a two-time King of the Mountain .
He has had continued success as a recording artist , releasing eleven studio albums to date , including Foxy Lady  ( 1996 )  , Champion  ( 2009 )  , Glamazon  ( 2011 )  , Born Naked  ( 2014 )  and American  ( 2017 )  .
Lee Jun-fan  ( ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 )  , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do .
Fritz Erich Georg Eduard von Lewinski , known as Erich von Manstein  ( 24 November 1887 -- 9 June 1973 )  , was a German commander of the Wehrmacht , Nazi Germany 's armed forces during the Second World War .
He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray .
Emma Thompson  ( born 15 April 1959 )  is a British actress , activist , author , comedienne and screenwriter .
He voices the lead character Sora in the Kingdom Hearts video game series .
Christina María Aguilera  ( born December 18 , 1980 )  is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality .
In the late 1960s , he managed and produced the experimental rock band The Velvet Underground and founded Interview magazine .
Rabat  ( الرِّبَاط , ; Eṛṛbaṭ , ⴻⵕⵕⴱⴰⵟ )  is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000  ( 2014 )  and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Steven Knight  ( born 1959 )  is a British screenwriter and film director .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman  ( born 6 September 1974 )  is a retired English professional tennis player .
She signed a recording contract with American rapper T.I. 's Grand Hustle Records imprint in 2012 , after gaining attention from her first full-length project , a mixtape titled Ignorant Art .
It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west .
Heywood `` Woody '' Allen  ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 )  is an American director , writer , actor , comedian , playwright , and musician whose career spans more than six decades .
Socrates  (  [ ˈsɒkrətiːz ]  Σωκράτης  [ - grcsɔːkrátɛːs ]  , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC )  was a classical Greek  ( Athenian )  philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 .
She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panthéon in Paris .
As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film The Piano  ( 1993 )  , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role .
Walter `` Walt '' Whitman  (  [ ˈhwɪtmən ]  May 31 , 1819 -- March 26 , 1892 )  was an American poet , essayist , and journalist .
It was released on iTunes and Amazon through RuCo on February 24 , 2014 , coinciding with the sixth season premiere of RuPaul 's Drag Race .
Created and executive produced by Brit Marling and Zal Batmanglij , the series is their third collaboration .
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions , but , for census purposes , is divided into eight regions .
Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro .
Injustice 2 introduces a new feature called the Gear System , a loot-dropping system that rewards players with costume pieces and equipment that can be used to customize characters ' appearances and modify their abilities and stats .
William Ray Cyrus  ( born August 25 , 1961 )  is an American singer , songwriter and actor .
`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls  ( the other being Charles Haley )  , the only quarterback to win five and the only player to win them all playing for one team .
The Guest is a 2014 American action horror-thriller film directed and edited by Adam Wingard and written by Simon Barrett , both of whom previously collaborated on a previous film , You 're Next  ( 2011 )  .
Margot 's deportation order from the Gestapo hastened the Frank family into hiding .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor  (  [ ɛmanɥɛl adəbɛjɔʁ ]  ; born 26 February 1984 )  is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir .
Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .
Central America  ( América Central or Centroamérica )  is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .
Saswata Chatterjee  ( শাশ্বত চ্যাটার্জী ; also known as Apu )  is an Indian actor of television and films based in Kolkata .
The school offers multiple undergraduate and graduate programs covering production , screenwriting , critical studies , animation and digital arts , and interactive media & games .
George Best  ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 )  was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
During his career , McGregor has competed as a featherweight , lightweight , and welterweight .
It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Legion is an American cable television series created for FX by Noah Hawley , based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller / Legion .
The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 .
Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics .
The Mummy is a 2017 American action-adventure horror film directed by Alex Kurtzman and written by David Koepp , Christopher McQuarrie and Dylan Kussman , with a story by Kurtzman , Jon Spaihts and Jenny Lumet .
The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview .
Keanu Charles Reeves  (  [ kiːˈɑːnuː ]  ; born September 2 , 1964 )  is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
It is native to parts of South and Southeast Asia and is believed to have originated in the southwestern rain forests of the Western Ghats in the Indian subcontinent .
The screenplay by Terence Winter is adapted from the memoir of the same name by Jordan Belfort and recounts Belfort 's perspective on his career as a stockbroker in New York City and how his firm Stratton Oakmont engaged in rampant corruption and fraud on Wall Street that ultimately led to his downfall .
A scion of the Kennedy family , he graduated from Harvard University in 1940 before joining the United States Naval Reserve the following year .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that originally aired on Fox from August 23 , 1998 , to May 18 , 2006 .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent  ( also known simply as Insurgent )  is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Robert Schwentke , based on Insurgent , the second book in the Divergent trilogy by Veronica Roth .
The original cast included John Castle , Tony Selby , Ronald Pickup , Dennis Waterman , William Stewart , Barbara Ferris , Lucy Fleming , Gwen Nelson and Alison Fraser .
Marie Antoinette  (  [ ˈmæriˌæntwəˈnɛt ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːntwə - ]  ,  [ ˌɑ̃ːtwə - ]  ,  [ məˈriː - ]   [ maʁi ɑ̃twanɛt ]  ; born Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna  ( 2 November 1755 -- 16 October 1793 )  was the last Queen of France and Navarre before the French Revolution .
He has won three CBA championships with Beijing in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 , and is widely considered as the greatest foreign player to ever play in the Chinese Basketball Association .
The film , directed by Bryan Singer and written by David Hayter , features an ensemble cast that includes Hugh Jackman , Patrick Stewart , Ian McKellen , Halle Berry , Famke Janssen , James Marsden , Bruce Davison , Rebecca Romijn-Stamos , Ray Park , Tyler Mane , and Anna Paquin .
The Romans , who would occupy Tunisia for most of the next eight hundred years , introduced Christianity and left architectural legacies like the El Djem amphitheater .
David Robert Joseph Beckham ,  (  [ ˈbɛkəm ]  born 2 May 1975 )  is an English former professional footballer .
He trained at the National Youth Theatre and graduated from the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in 1991 , before beginning his career on stage .
Pompeii was an ancient Roman town-city near modern Naples , in the Campania region of Italy , in the territory of the comune of Pompei .
She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RTÉ 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .
Minaj has received ten Grammy nominations throughout her career , and has won six American Music Awards , eleven BET Awards , three MTV Video Music Awards , four Billboard Music Awards , and was the recipient of Billboards Women in Music 2011 Rising Star award .
It affects people of all ages .
Founded in 1924 as the Department of Drama in the School of Fine Arts , the school provides training in every discipline of the theatre : acting , design  ( set design , costume design , lighting design , projection design , and sound design )  , directing , dramaturgy and dramatic criticism , playwriting , stage management , technical design and production , and theater management .
Facing severe investment reversals and dying of throat cancer , he wrote his memoirs , which proved to be a major literary work and financial success .
Zambia  (  [ ˈzæmbiə ]  )  , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Room 93 is the debut extended play  ( EP )  by American singer and songwriter Halsey .
Michael John Douglas  ( born September 5 , 1951 )  , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director .
WALL-E  ( stylized with an interpunct as WALL · E )  is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon .
She studied at Warsaw 's clandestine Floating University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw .
Mary Louise `` Meryl '' Streep  ( born June 22 , 1949 )  is an American actress and philanthropist .
Azerbaijan  (  [ æzərbaɪˈʒɑːn ]  ; Azərbaycan )  , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan  ( Azərbaycan Respublikası )  , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe .
Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn , released on October 15 , 1996 through both Immortal Records and Epic Records .
She began her career with television guest appearances , and made her feature film debut in Lassie  ( 1994 )  , which earned her a Youth in Film nomination .
The Illusionist is a 2006 American romantic mystery film written and directed by Neil Burger and starring Edward Norton , Paul Giamatti , and Jessica Biel .
The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name .
The Great Waldo Pepper is a 1975 American drama film directed , produced , and co-written by George Roy Hill .
Keenan is also the lead singer of A Perfect Circle .
It is a part of the University System of Georgia and has satellite campuses in Savannah , Georgia ; Metz , France ; Athlone , Ireland ; Shenzhen , China ; and Singapore .
19 Kids and Counting  ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting )  was an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years , until its cancellation in 2015 .
Abū Ṭālib ibn ` Abd al-Muṭṭalib , née ` Imran عِـمـران )  or ` Abd Manaf , was the leader of Banu Hashim , a clan of the Qurayshi tribe of Mecca in the Hijaz , Arabian Peninsula .
Detroit  (  [ dᵻˈtrɔɪt ]  )  is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest city on the United States -- Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County .
Macbeth  (  [ məkˈbɛθ ]  full title The Tragedy of Macbeth )  is a tragedy by William Shakespeare ; it is thought to have been first performed in 1606 .
He won his first Primetime Emmy Award for his role in American Horror Story : Asylum  ( 2012 )  and a Canadian Screen Award for his role in Still Mine  ( 2013 )  .
In 2002 , she made her Hollywood film debut in the comedy The Hot Chick .
He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump .
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film , directed by Gus Van Sant , and starring Robin Williams , Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Tezaab  ( translation : Acid )  , released on 11 November 1988 , is an Indian action romantic Hindi movie starring Anil Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit in lead roles .
Naturi Cora Maria Naughton  ( born May 20 , 1984 )  is an American actress and singer-songwriter .
Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film produced by Marvel Studios , and distributed by Columbia Pictures based on the fictional Marvel Comics character Spider-Man .
Laurence Kerr Olivier , Baron Olivier ,  (  [ ˈlɒrəns kɜr ɒˈlɪvieɪ ]  22 May 1907 -- 11 July 1989 )  , was an English actor who , along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson and John Gielgud , dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century .
Chris Terrio  ( born December 31 , 1976 )  is an American screenwriter and film director .
Officially , its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands , which are largely mountainous .
She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .
The jackfruit  ( Artocarpus heterophyllus )  , also known as jack tree , jakfruit , or sometimes simply jack or jak , is a species of tree in the fig , mulberry , and breadfruit family  ( Moraceae )  .
The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
The Martian is a 2015 American science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott , based on Andy Weir 's 2011 novel The Martian .
The group signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Records after forming and finishing third in the seventh series of the British televised singing competition The X Factor in 2010 .
Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp  ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 )  was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys .
Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment .
Both Germans and Belgians ruled Burundi and Rwanda as a European colony known as Ruanda-Urundi .
Wentworth is an Australian television drama series .
In 1988 , he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech .
Manganiello has appeared in films such as Magic Mike , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , and Sabotage .
Gimli is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth legendarium , featured in The Lord of the Rings .
It is a reboot of The Mummy franchise and the first installment in the Dark Universe film series .
His most notable roles in the 1970s included Get Carter  ( 1971 )  , The Last Valley , Sleuth  ( 1972 )  , for which he earned his second Academy Award nomination , The Man Who Would Be King  ( 1975 )  , and A Bridge Too Far  ( 1977 )  .
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta  (  [ ˈstɛfəniː dʒɜrməˈnɒtə ]  ; born March 28 , 1986 )  , known professionally as Lady Gaga , is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Asteroid Day  ( also known as International Asteroid Day )  is an annual global event that aims to raise awareness about asteroids and what can be done to protect the Earth , its families , communities , and future generations .
Though he had considered running for president again in 1920 , Roosevelt 's health continued to deteriorate , and he died in 1919 .
He was known as the `` angry young man '' of Hollywood , clashing with television executives and sponsors over a wide range of issues including censorship , racism , and war .
Isaac Liev Schreiber  (  [ ˈliː.ɛv ]  born October 4 , 1967 )  , better known as Liev Schreiber , is an American actor , director , screenwriter , and producer .
The series starred real-life brothers Shawn and Marlon Wayans .
Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others .
Buddy Holly  ( born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 )  was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Views is the fourth studio album by Canadian rapper Drake .
She has also returned to television , playing the supporting role of Queen Sophie-Anne on True Blood from 2009 to 2011 and playing Kate Winslet 's character 's daughter in the HBO miniseries Mildred Pierce  ( 2011 )  , a role for which she was nominated for the Golden Globe and Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress .
She is the daughter of 2008 presidential nominee and long-time U.S. Senator John McCain and Cindy Hensley McCain .
On television , he is known for playing the title character on Doogie Howser , M.D.  ( 1989 -- 1993 )  , Barney Stinson on How I Met Your Mother  ( 2005 -- 2014 , for which he was nominated for four Emmy Awards )  , and Count Olaf on A Series of Unfortunate Events  ( 2017 onward )  .
Antwan André Patton  ( born February 1 , 1975 )  , better known by his stage name Big Boi , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and record producer , best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside André 3000 .
At the 1989 Emmy Awards , the miniseries had 18 nominations and seven wins , including one for director Simon Wincer .
The film serves as a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise , and stars Queen Latifah as Gina , a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2 : Back in Business .
Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB  (  [ ˈʃɔːn ˈkɒnəri ]  born 25 August 1930 )  is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards  ( one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award )  and three Golden Globes  ( including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award )  .
Antarctica , on average , is the coldest , driest , and windiest continent , and has the highest average elevation of all the continents .
Edward Christopher `` Ed '' Sheeran  ( born 17 February 1991 )  is an English singer-songwriter , guitarist and record producer .
Anni-Frid Synni , Princess Reuss of Plauen  ( Anni-Frid Synni , Prinzessin Reuss von Plauen born Anni-Frid Synni Lyngstad ,  [ ² ɑnːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑ ]  ;  [ ² anːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑːd ]  , 15 November 1945 )  , widely known as Frida Lyngstad or by just the mononym Frida  (  [ ² friːdɑ ]  ;  [ ² friːda ]  )  , is a Swedish pop and jazz singer .
Established on April 23 , 1635 , it is the oldest school as well as the first public school in the United States .
Julie Frances Christie  ( born 14 April 1940 )  is an English actress .
Her breakthrough single , `` Complicated '' , peaked at number 1 in many countries around the world , as did the album Let Go .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
The film is the sequel to The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons , and is the third installment in the Robert Langdon film series .
Films he has directed include Walk the Line , which he also co-wrote ; The Wolverine ; Logan ; Cop Land ; Girl , Interrupted ; Knight and Day ; and the 2007 remake 3:10 to Yuma .
Kushner is the elder son of real-estate developer Charles Kushner and is married to Trump 's daughter Ivanka .
Samuel `` Billy '' Wilder  [ ˈwaɪldər ]   [ ˈvɪldɐ ]   ( June 22 , 1906March 27 , 2002 )  was an Austrian-born Jewish-American filmmaker , screenwriter , producer , artist , and journalist whose career spanned more than five decades .
He is also known for his roles in Uncle Buck  ( 1989 )  , My Girl  ( 1991 )  , The Good Son  ( 1993 )  , The Pagemaster  ( 1994 )  , Richie Rich  ( 1994 )  , Party Monster  ( 2003 )  , and the music video for Michael Jackson 's `` Black or White '' .
Hotel Hell is an American reality television series created , hosted and narrated by Gordon Ramsay that premiered on the Fox network on August 13 , 2012 .
She rose to prominence with her performance in Misery  ( 1990 )  , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress .
Born and raised in England , Martin has competed for Ireland since 2006 .
Marie Skłodowska Curie  (  [ ˈkjʊri ,   kjʊˈriː ]   [ kyʁi ]  ;  [ kʲiˈri ]  ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 )  , born Maria Salomea Skłodowska  (  [ ˈmarja salɔˈmɛa skwɔˈdɔfska ]  )  , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity .
also romanized as Ramazan , Ramadhan , or Ramathan )  is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and is observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting  ( Sawm )  to commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad according to Islamic belief .
A former guitar instructor from Spokane , Washington , he has worked as a session musician and songwriter , making both studio and live appearances with several artists , and has been involved with several projects throughout his career .
Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner .
The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision  ( color by Technicolor )  , and released by Paramount Pictures .
George Dewey Cukor  (  [ ˈkjuːkər ]  July 7 , 1899 -- January 24 , 1983 )  was an American film director .
Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character .
It was published anonymously ; By A Lady appears on the cover page where the author 's name might have been .
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon .
Detroit  (  [ dᵻˈtrɔɪt ]  )  is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan , the largest city on the United States -- Canada border , and the seat of Wayne County .
Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls .
The story revolves around the fictional character , New Jersey-based Italian American mobster Tony Soprano  ( James Gandolfini )  .
On television , she was cast as part of the main cast in the eighth season of the drama series Beverly Hills 90210 as single mother Carly Reynolds from 1997 to 1998 .
The Dark Half is a 1993 American horror film adaptation of the Stephen King novel of the same name .
Arkham 's high-profile patients are often from Batman 's rogues gallery , such as the Joker , Two-Face , Poison Ivy , the Riddler , Harley Quinn , Clayface , Mad Hatter , Killer Croc , Mr. Freeze , and Scarecrow .
The Playboy Club stars Eddie Cibrian , Laura Benanti , Amber Heard , Jenna Dewan Tatum , Naturi Naughton , Leah Renee , Wes Ramsey , Jenifer Lewis , and David Krumholtz .
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made , and it remained the highest-grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011 .
Amazon.com  (  [ ˈæməzɒn ]  or  [ ˈæməzən ]  )  , also called Amazon , is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company that was founded on July 5 , 1994 , by Jeff Bezos and is based in Seattle , Washington .
The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .
John Sidney McCain III  ( born August 29 , 1936 )  is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona .
Human habitation in Afghanistan dates back to the Middle Paleolithic Era , and the country 's strategic location along the Silk Road connected it to the cultures of the Middle East and other parts of Asia .
In 2015 , Down syndrome was present in 5.4 million individuals and resulted in 27,000 deaths down from 43,000 deaths in 1990 .
During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in  ( RBI )  , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits .
Sharon Yvonne Stone  ( born March 10 , 1958 )  is an American actress , film producer , and former fashion model .
John Winston Ono Lennon ,  ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 )  was an English guitarist , singer , and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music .
Kate Noelle Holmes  ( born December 18 , 1978 )  is an American actress who first achieved fame for her role as Joey Potter on The WB television teen drama Dawson 's Creek from 1998 to 2003 .
Saskatchewan  (  [ səˈskætʃəwᵻn ]  or  [ - ˌwɑːn ]  )  is a prairie and boreal province in western Canada , the only province without natural borders .
However , it was a commercial success in Europe , reaching the top ten in numerous countries including Austria , Belgium , France , Italy , Spain and Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .
Lansbury was born to an upper-middle-class family in central London , the daughter of actress Moyna Macgill and politician Edgar Lansbury .
Wi-Fi or WiFi is a technology for wireless local area networking with devices based on the IEEE 802.11 standards .
The album contains her first song , `` Hometown Glory '' , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London .
The Yale School of Drama  ( also known as YSD )  is a graduate professional school of Yale University located in New Haven , Connecticut .
Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni  (  [ mikeˈlandʒelo di lodoˈviːko ˌbwɔnarˈrɔːti siˈmoːni ]  ; 6 March 1475 -- 18 February 1564 )  was a Florentine sculptor , painter , architect , and poet of the High Renaissance who exerted an unparalleled influence on the development of Western art .
The novel is named after its protagonist , Yuri Zhivago , a physician and poet , and takes place between the Russian Revolution of 1905 and the Civil War .
In addition to her many films , Parker enjoyed great popularity for her lead role on Showtime 's television series Weeds portraying Nancy Botwin , for which she received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in 2006 .
He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number .
The film has also received four Independent Spirit Award nominations  ( including one win )  , a Golden Globe nomination , and two Academy Award nominations .
Constantine is a 2005 American-German occult detective action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence as his feature film directorial debut , starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , with Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou .
Caesar refused the order , and instead marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with the 13th Legion , leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms .
The Invention of Lying is a 2009 American fantasy romantic comedy film written and directed by Ricky Gervais and Matthew Robinson  ( in their directorial debuts )  .
It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison .
It is located in the Cusco Region , Urubamba Province , Machupicchu District in Peru , above the Sacred Valley , which is 80 km northwest of Cuzco and through which the Urubamba River flows .
Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard .
In 1775 , the Second Continental Congress commissioned him as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution .
Nepal  (  [ Nepālhelp = no ]  -RCB- -RCB-  [ neˈpal ]  )  , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia .
Diego Luna Alexander  (  [ ˈdjeɣo ˈluna ]  ; born 29 December 1979 )  is a Mexican actor , producer and director .
From 2011 to 2017 , he starred as Mike Baxter in the TV series Last Man Standing .
Me Before You is a 2016 British-American romantic drama film directed by Thea Sharrock as her directorial debut and adapted by English author Jojo Moyes from her 2012 novel of the same name .
Leto has also directed music videos , including the MTV Video Music Award -- winning `` The Kill ''  ( 2006 )  , `` Kings and Queens ''  ( 2009 )  , and `` Up in the Air ''  ( 2013 )  .
The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois .
He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series Even Stevens , a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 .
He has appeared in more than 70 films .
Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
Created by Agnes Nixon , All My Children is set in Pine Valley , Pennsylvania , a fictional suburb of Philadelphia , which is modeled on the actual Philadelphia suburb of Rosemont .
Born in Venice , he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers , and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe .
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net .
Jacobs has also had a recurring role as Mimi-Rose Howard on the HBO series Girls and has appeared in films such as Gardens of the Night  ( 2008 )  , The Lookalike  ( 2014 )  , Life Partners  ( 2014 )  , Hot Tub Time Machine 2  ( 2015 )  , Do n't Think Twice  ( 2016 )  and Brother Nature  ( 2016 )  .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll  (  [  ( t )  ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ]  ;  [ langʃəˈki : rə ]  born 2 February 1977 )  is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer .
She began her career in the Groundlings , an improvisational group in Los Angeles , California , and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra `` Sweet Dee '' Reynolds on the FX black comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia in 2005 .
The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013 for Record of the Year .
Google has been the second most valuable brand in the world for 4 consecutive years , but has received significant criticism involving issues such as privacy concerns , tax avoidance , antitrust , censorship , and search neutrality .
Wi-Fi is a trademark of the Wi-Fi Alliance , which restricts the use of the term Wi-Fi Certified to products that successfully complete interoperability certification testing .
It is the only species of Canis to have a range encompassing both the Old and New Worlds , and originated in Eurasia during the Pleistocene , colonizing North America on at least three separate occasions during the Rancholabrean .
Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public school , Boston Latin School  ( 1635 )  , first subway system , the Tremont Street Subway  ( 1897 )  , and first public park , Boston Common  ( 1634 )  .
A double album , it was released posthumously following his death on March 9 , 1997 .
Outfit is a UK company which forms part of the Arcadia Group and began life in the 1990s .
She achieved further fame for playing the protagonist in the 2012 musical comedy Pitch Perfect and the 2015 sequel , Pitch Perfect 2 .
Ronald N. Perlman  ( born April 13 , 1950 )  is an American actor and voice actor .
The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry  ( described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative )  , film , photography and graphic arts .
Dogstar was an alternative rock group active from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s .
Jackson 's other albums , including Off the Wall  ( 1979 )  , Bad  ( 1987 )  , Dangerous  ( 1991 )  , and HIStory  ( 1995 )  , also rank among the world 's best-selling albums .
Killer whales are considered a cosmopolitan species , and can be found in each of the world 's oceans in a variety of marine environments , from Arctic and Antarctic regions to tropical seas .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
Born to American parents in London and raised primarily in California , she rose to prominence in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' , which became the number one song of the year in several countries and attracted controversy over its purportedly sexist content .
George Herbert Walker Bush  ( born June 12 , 1924 )  is an American politician who was the 41st President of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and the 43rd Vice President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 .
Edward Thomas Hardy
The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .
The Incas built the estate around 1450 but abandoned it a century later at the time of the Spanish Conquest .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960 .
Li Lianjie  ( born 26 April 1963 )  , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese film actor , film producer , martial artist , and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing .
Cell division in this genus occurs along a single axis in these bacteria , thus they grow in chains or pairs , hence the name -- from Greek στρεπτός streptos , meaning easily bent or twisted , like a chain  ( twisted chain )  .
Black Sabbath were an English rock band , formed in Birmingham in 1968 , by guitarist and main songwriter Tony Iommi , bassist and main lyricist Geezer Butler , singer Ozzy Osbourne , and drummer Bill Ward .
Released annually from 2005 through 2008 , the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella `` Bella '' Swan , a girl who moves to Forks , Washington , and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire named Edward Cullen .
Other returning writers who have worked on this series and previous ones include Frank Cottrell-Boyce , Sarah Dollard , Jamie Mathieson , Peter Harness , Toby Whithouse and Mark Gatiss , as well as two new writers for the revived era of the programme , Mike Bartlett and Rona Munro , the latter of whom wrote Survival , the final serial of the original classic era .
Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of China .
Saw is a 2009 American horror film directed by Kevin Greutert from a screenplay written by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan .
Victoria  ( Alexandrina Victoria ; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901 )  was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death .
She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices .
The soundtrack was composed by Philip Glass .
Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E. / Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995 , hosted by Ed McMahon , and created by Alfred Masini .
The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe .
Empathy is the capacity to understand or feel what another person is experiencing from within the other person 's frame of reference , i.e. , the capacity to place oneself in another 's position .
As Commanding General  ( 1864 -- 69 )  , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the American Civil War .
The origins of the Internet date back to research commissioned by the United States federal government in the 1960s to build robust , fault-tolerant communication via computer networks .
Collision Course is a collaborative EP from American rapper Jay-Z and nu metal band Linkin Park , released on November 30 , 2004 by Roc-A-Fella , Machine Shop , Warner Bros. and Def Jam records .
As literary political fiction and dystopian science-fiction , Nineteen Eighty-Four is a classic novel in content , plot and style .
Serena has also won four Olympic gold medals , one in women 's singles and three in women 's doubles -- an all-time record shared with her sister , Venus .
David Lawrence Angell  ( April 10 , 1946September 11 , 2001 )  was an American producer of sitcoms .
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela  (  [ mænˈdɛlə ]  18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 )  was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 .
Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play .
Black Mirror is a British science fiction television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker and centred around dark and satirical themes that examine modern society , particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies .
The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized , long-range , narrow-body , four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979 .
Luke Evans  ( born 15 April 1979 )  is a Welsh actor .
Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean  ( born January 19 , 1946 )  , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music .
Miranda May Kerr  ( born 20 April 1983 )  is an Australian model .
Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington , New Zealand , Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and the Wellington Girls ' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career .
The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration  ( NASA  [ ˈnæsə ]  )  is an independent agency of the executive branch of the United States federal government responsible for the civilian space program , as well as aeronautics and aerospace research .
Grace Jones  ( born 19 May 1948 )  is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress .
San Francisco  ( initials SF )   (  [ sæn frənˈsɪskoʊ ]  , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish :  [ san franˈsisko ]  )  , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California .
The association football club Paris Saint-Germain and the rugby union club Stade Français are based in Paris .
In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .
The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo .
Samuel Stewart `` Sam '' Witwer  ( born October 20 , 1977 )  is an American actor and musician .
Dona Maria I  ( English : Mary I ; 17 December 1734 -- 20 March 1816 )  was Queen of Portugal , Brazil , and the Algarves .
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker  ( preceded by General Motors )  and the fifth-largest in the world  ( behind Toyota , VW , Hyundai-Kia and General Motors )  based on 2015 vehicle production .
Produced by Afrojack , it was released on March 21 , 2011 , as the second single from Pitbull 's sixth studio album , Planet Pit  ( 2011 )  .
Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton  ( born 22 September 1987 )  is an English actor .
Palace were also winners of the Full Members Cup in 1991 when they beat Everton in the Wembley final .
Telangana  ( t )  is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India .
The Texas Longhorns men 's basketball team '' ' represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball competition .
David Tennant  ( born David John McDonald ; 18 April 1971 )  is a Scottish actor and voice actor .
Denzel Hayes Washington Jr.  ( born December 28 , 1954 )  is an American actor , director , and producer .
She appeared as a regular cast member on the American political thriller television series Scandal in the role of Elizabeth North from 2014 to 2017 .
Dungeons & Dragons  ( abbreviated as D&D or DnD )  is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game  ( RPG )  originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson , and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules , Inc.  ( TSR )  .
Colin Luther Powell  (  [ ˈkoʊlᵻn ]  born April 5 , 1937 )  is an American statesman and a retired four-star general in the United States Army .
After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 .
Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey  ( 2007 )  , Brideshead Revisited  ( 2008 )  , Chéri  ( 2009 )  , and The Tempest  ( 2010 )  .
Marshall Bruce Mathers III  ( born October 17 , 1972 )  , known professionally as Eminem  ( often stylized as EMINƎM )  , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor .
He was one of the world 's highest-paid actors for three years , and has been nominated for various accolades , including four Academy Awards , two BAFTA Awards and two Golden Globe Awards .
Octopuses have numerous strategies for to defend themselves against predators , including the expulsion of ink , the use of camouflage and deimatic displays , their ability to jet quickly through the water , and their ability to hide .
It was broadcast on Sunday at 9:00 pm in the United States , consisting of 10 episodes , each running approximately 50 -- 60 minutes .
Usher Raymond IV  ( born October 14 , 1978 )  is an American singer , songwriter , dancer , and actor .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
In 2007 , LaBeouf starred in the commercially successful films Disturbia and Surf 's Up .
Congress has 535 voting members : 435 Representatives and 100 Senators .
Andre Romelle Young  ( born February 18 , 1965 )  , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Her achievements include twelve Guinness World Records , three Brit Awards , and six Grammy Awards .
The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501  ( c )   ( 3 )  non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .
In 2011 , Fanning starred in her breakout role as Alice Dainard in J. J. Abrams ' sci-fi-drama , Super 8 , for which she received a Spotlight Award at the Hollywood Film Festival , and was cited as one of the film 's best aspects by The Telegraph .
Black Widow  ( Чёрная вдова , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova )   ( Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : Наталья Альяновна '' Наташа '' Романова , also known as Natasha Romanoff )  is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Chelsea Football Club  (  [ ˈtʃɛlsiː ]  )  is an English professional football club based in Fulham , London , that competes in the Premier League , of which they are reigning champions .
Mangoes are juicy stone fruit  ( drupe )  from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit .
One of his most famous achievements was at the outbreak of the Second Punic War , when he marched an army which included war elephants from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into Italy .
David LeRoy Anderson is an American makeup artist who has won two Academy Awards for Best Makeup , first was at the 69th Academy Awards for the film The Nutty Professor , then the following year at the 70th Academy Awards for Men in Black .
`` Summertime '' is an aria composed in 1934 by George Gershwin for the 1935 opera Porgy and Bess .
It covers an area of 93,030 km2 , situated in the Carpathian Basin , and is bordered by Slovakia to the north , Romania to the east , Serbia to the south , Croatia to the southwest , Slovenia to the west , Austria to the northwest , and Ukraine to the northeast .
Jennifer Joanna Aniston  ( born February 11 , 1969 )  is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman .
Kimila Ann Basinger  (  [ ˈbeɪsɪŋər ]  ; born December 8 , 1953 )  is an American actress , singer and former fashion model .
In 2015 , Amazon surpassed Walmart as the most valuable retailer in the United States by market capitalization , .
Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American Technicolor war film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film .
A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner and starring Tom Cruise , Jack Nicholson , and Demi Moore , with Kevin Bacon , Kevin Pollak , Wolfgang Bodison , James Marshall , J. T. Walsh and Kiefer Sutherland in supporting roles .
Sir Richard Charles Nicholas Branson  ( born 18 July 1950 )  is an English business magnate , investor and philanthropist .
The surviving band members reformed in 1987 for a reunion tour with lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant , the younger brother of lead singer and founder Ronnie Van Zant .
At age 16 , Knowles released her first studio album Solo Star  ( 2002 )  .
Lexmark International , Inc. is a Chinese-owned corporation based in the United States that manufactures laser printers and imaging products .
Naomi Grace Scott  ( born 6 May 1993 )  is an English actress and singer .
Andy Warhol  (  [ ˈwɔrhɒl ]  born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 22 , 1987 )  was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
The abbreviation `` IQ '' was coined by the psychologist William Stern for the German term Intelligenzquotient , his term for a scoring method for intelligence tests at University of Wrocław he advocated in a 1912 book .
Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland  ( born 21 December 1966 )  is a British born Canadian actor , producer , director , and singer-songwriter .
The Bostonians is a 1984 British romantic drama film based on Henry James 's novel of the same name .
Unleashed  ( also known as Danny the Dog )  is a 2005 British-French martial arts action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier , written by Luc Besson , and produced by Jet Li .
Also produced by Judd Apatow , it co-stars Sarah Silverman , Tim Meadows , Imogen Poots , Joan Cusack , and Maya Rudolph .
Francis Albert Sinatra  (  [ sᵻˈnɑːtrə ]   [ siˈnaːtra ]  ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 )  was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century .
It is situated on the plain of the river Guadalquivir .
Mariah Carey  ( born March 27 , 1969 or 1970 )  is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
His April 2010 performance of Lady Gaga 's `` Paparazzi '' at a sixth-grade music festival went viral on YouTube , gaining widespread attention and over 59 million views as of May 2017 , as well as an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show shortly afterward .
Following a longer hiatus , Evans released her fifth album Something About Faith on the independent label Prolific/E1 Music in 2010 .
Taal was an official selection for the 2005 Ebertfest : Roger Ebert 's Film Festival .
Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Grace Jones , released on 9 May 1980 by Island Records .
It was directed by Robert Luketic , scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Luke Wilson , Selma Blair , Matthew Davis , Victor Garber , and Jennifer Coolidge .
He was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2000 , President from 2000 to 2008 , and again Prime Minister from 2008 to 2012 .
Roman Bernard Atwood  ( born May 28 , 1983 )  is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker .
It is primarily aimed at children and adolescents aged 8 -- 17 , while its weekday morning edutainment programs are targeted at younger children aged 0 -- 7 .
A lightning rod  ( US , AUS )  or lightning conductor  ( UK )  is a metal rod mounted on a structure and intended to protect the structure from a lightning strike .
The second season of the South Korean reality television competition show K-pop Star premiered on SBS on November 18 , 2012 , airing Sunday evenings at 4:55 pm KST as part of the Good Sunday lineup .
Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus .
Scott and director James Cameron developed ideas for a film that would serve as a prequel to Scott 's 1979 science-fiction horror film Alien .
Istanbul  (  [ ˌɪstænˈbʊl ]  ,  [ - ˈbuːl ]  or  [ - stɑːn - ]  İstanbul  [ isˈtɑnbuɫ ]  )  , historically known as Constantinople and Byzantium , is the most populous city in Turkey and the country 's economic , cultural , and historic center .
James Howard Marshall II  ( January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 )  was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official .
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .
It was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and shot in the 70 mm Todd-AO format , with a screenplay adapted by Mankiewicz , Ranald MacDougall and Sidney Buchman from a book by Carlo Maria Franzero .
The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union .
The band currently consists of bassist and vocalist Mark Hoppus , drummer Travis Barker , and guitarist and vocalist Matt Skiba .
Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch .
It was first released in 2011 and by 2017 it was one of the largest standalone messaging apps by monthly active users , with over 938 million active users .
The United Nations  ( UN )  is an intergovernmental organization to promote international co-operation and to create and maintain international order .
Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie , Lady Mallowan , DBE  ( née Miller ; 15 September 1890 -- 12 January 1976 )  was an English crime novelist , short story writer and playwright .
De Profundis  ( Latin : `` from the depths '' )  is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie ''  ( Lord Alfred Douglas )  .
A film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's tragedy of the same name , it retells the story of the Highland lord who becomes King of Scotland through treachery and murder .
Kurt Steven Angle  ( born December 9 , 1968 )  is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler .
He came to international attention for his role as the Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator , directed by Ridley Scott , for which Crowe won an Academy Award for Best Actor , a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor , an Empire Award for Best Actor and a London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and 10 further nominations for best actor .
James Vernon Taylor  ( born March 12 , 1948 )  is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist .
Brentwood is an affluent neighborhood in the Westside of Los Angeles , California .
Michael Jeffrey Jordan  ( born February 17 , 1963 )  , also known by his initials , MJ , is an American retired professional basketball player , businessman , and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets .
Demetria Devonne Lovato  (  [ ˈdɛmi loʊ-ˈvɑːtoʊ ]  or ; born August 20 , 1992 )  is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Prisoner is an Australian soap opera set in the Wentworth Detention Centre , a fictional women 's prison .
Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet  ( under the pseudonym Richard Weisz )  from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .
Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area .
President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2 , 1970 , after Nixon signed an executive order .
Judd Apatow  (  [ ˈæpətaʊ ]  born December 6 , 1967 )  is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian .
A joint collective effort to commit to the film 's production was made by Universal Pictures and Marble Arch Productions .
New Girl is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Fox on September 20 , 2011 .
Charles Marie de La Condamine  ( 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 )  was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician .
A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy drama film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness , based on his novel of the same name .
Jermaine Lamarr Cole  ( born January 28 , 1985 )  , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer .
The group rose to fame with their debut international album , Backstreet Boys  ( 1996 )  .
Angelina Jolie Pitt  (  [ dʒoʊˈliː ]  ; née Voight ; born June 4 , 1975 )  is an American actress , filmmaker , philanthropist and humanitarian .
Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
He served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 to 2011 .
Room 93 is the debut extended play  ( EP )  by American singer and songwriter Halsey .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman  ( 21 February 1946 -- 14 January 2016 )  was an English actor and director known for playing a variety of roles on stage and on screen .
Marcus David Maron  (  [ ˈmærən ]  ; born September 27 , 1963 )  is an American stand-up comedian , podcaster , writer , actor , musician , director , and producer .
He is known for his role in the Spike Jonze film Where the Wild Things Are , and as Steven Ray in The Suicide Theory .
Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France .
It became a blockbuster success , being acclaimed by critics who praised its nonlinear narrative structure and motifs of memory , perception , grief , and self-deception , and earning $ 39.7 million over a $ 9 million budget .
Dubai  (  [ duːˈbaɪ ]  ; دبي , Gulf pronunciation :  [ dʊˈbɑj ]  )  is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates  ( UAE )  .
Michael Joseph Jackson  ( August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 )  was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist .
Prometheus entered production in April 2010 , with extensive design phases during which the technology and creatures that the film required were developed .
As the Vietnam War raged in 1969 , Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon held two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace , one at the Hilton Hotel in Amsterdam and one at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth in Montreal , each of which were intended to be non-violent protests against wars , and experimental tests of new ways to promote peace .
Judy Greer  ( born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 )  is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles .
For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy .
The practitioners of these religions eschewed worldly pleasures and led an abstinent lifestyle , in the pursuit of redemption , salvation or spirituality .
Hilary Swank  ( born July 30 , 1974 )  is an American actress and producer .
On November 14 , 2013 , Bulger was sentenced to two consecutive life terms plus five years for his crimes by U.S. District Judge Denise Casper .
He made one of his earliest film roles in the mid-1980s , before he starred in Cameron Crowe 's film Say Anything ...  ( 1989 )  , for which he gained teen idol status .
It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment .
Avatar : The Last Airbender is set in an Asiatic-like world in which some people are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts , known as `` bending '' .
Jack Black , Dustin Hoffman , Angelina Jolie , Lucy Liu , Seth Rogen , David Cross , Jackie Chan and James Hong reprise their roles from the previous films with Randall Duk Kim reprising his role of Oogway from the first Kung Fu Panda film  ( 2008 )  .
Called the `` King of Pop '' , his contributions to music , dance , and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades .
The Taj Mahal attracts 7 -- 8 million visitors a year .
On May 15 , 2016 , NBC renewed the series for a 13-episode third season , which premiered with back-to-back episodes on May 31 , 2017 .
He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age .
